UK’s response to modern slavery leaving victims destitute while abusers go free False
this is good True
The "forgotten" Trump roast: Relive his brutal 2004 thrashing at the New York Friars Club False
Meet the happiest #dog in the world! True
Tokyo's subway is shut down amid fears over an imminent North Korean missile attack on Japan False
Ban lifted on Madrid doping laboratory False
Despite the ‘Yuck Factor,’ Leeches Are Big in Russian Medicine False
#China and #Pakistan have cemented their political friendship. Over a plate of #Biryani False
Malls are dying, but it's hard to profit from their death  via @Bfly False
Filipino troops kill notorious Abu Sayyaf kidnapper in clash False
The top 10 best selling comic books of all time True
Players to know, QBs to watch and more 👀

Guide to Round 2 of the #NFLDraft True
There is a chance that we could end up having a major, major conflict with North Korea. Absolutely: @POTUS False
Florida officials say no Zika virus has been detected in any mosquitoes tested this year. False
Don't laugh off the Liberal Democrat threat just yet – Corbyn makes them look good, writes @DouglasCarswell #Premium False
NFL Draft 2017: The 20 best remaining players for Round 2 False
Ilie Nastase apologises and says Serena Williams comment was ‘spontaneous’  via @guardian_sport False
Coast Guard suspends practice of shooting, stabbing and dismembering animals in trauma training False
White House reporter @alivitali on her first 100 days covering President Trump #trump100days True
Lawyer calls to investigate Arkansas execution after inmate convulsed before dying False
“In front of a bluffer, you always have to maintain a firm and dignified position,” one Mexican legislator said False
A quarterback prospect who started 13 games in college has become the key to the NFL Draft True
Anita Sarkeesian ends web series that rocked the world of gaming. Her new project takes on Trump. False
This Beyoncé menu meme is the funniest thing you’ll see all day False
President Trump's top advisers are set to air differences over Paris climate deal False
14 strangely satisfying videos of melting cheese True
Children with elevated lead levels aren't being tested or diagnosed in many states, study says False
RIP Temptations bass player Kerry Turman False
United finds itself facing another public relations fiasco after a 3-foot-long rabbit died on a flight from Britain False
Who are the winners and losers in Pres. Trump's tax plan? False
Egypt's #Coptic Christians under siege ahead of #Pope Francis's visit False
Congresswomen meet to discuss missing women of color in the nation's capital. False
.@POTUS: I'm 'Absolutely' Considering Breaking Up 'Outrageous' 9th Circuit False
Joe Biden to college men: "A woman who’s dead drunk cannot consent. You are raping her" False
Cheap, widely available drug could stop thousands of mothers bleeding to death True
Paris police revive woman declared dead for an hour by paramedics False
Fly healthier: this celebrity chef wants to change the way you eat in business class True
.@POTUS's tax reform plan. False
Caught tech-handed True
Zeke’s mom responds to a tweet questioning how he afforded a car in college False
Cunard's Queen Victoria cruise ship is getting a £34m facelift – here's how it will look False
Please enjoy Obama photographer Pete Souza's latest flawless Donald Trump troll False
"The home minister asked for a switch in the strategy and to do whatever it takes to prevail against Naxals." #Sukma False
couldn't hurt... True
Trump appears to be retreating from the shutdown fight, but Congress has other problems False
this is... unexpected. True
Lawmakers say Flynn may have broken law by not disclosing Russia payments False
.@Nordstrom is selling jeans with fake mud on the legs. (via @YahooStyle) False
A roundup of top #entertainment stories from the day True
Here's the cold @LinkedIn message that prompted a CEO to give the sender a job: True
Home-price growth continued accelerating in February, a sign that the market is still heating False
United Airlines flight reportedly makes emergency landing after engine issue False
Arkansas carries out first double-execution despite claims the first death was "inhumane" False
“I am sad that I am not on television anymore,” Bill O’Reilly said, breaking his silence after his Fox News exit False
MH370: independent experts mistrust 'confidence' about plane's location False
UN Ambassador Nikki Haley says Chinese pressure on North Korea is "working." False
India's central bank chief says cash ban's effects are ‘transitory’ False
Gregg Allman denies reports he's entered hospice care False
Cows in India may soon get an #Aadhaar -like unique identification number. False
Meet Peggy Whitson, the woman who just made American space history False
Kendrick Lamar announces The Damn Tour. False
Unroll.me head 'heartbroken' that users found out it sells their inbox data False
Pres. Trump to hold rally in Pennsylvania on night of White House Correspondents' Dinner. False
These states are celebrating Confederate Memorial Day on Monday True
A college course about the life of Dolly Parton is actually a deep dive into modern Appalachian history False
Duterte’s bloody war on drugs stumbles in rehabilitation effort False
UC Berkeley students who invited Ann Coulter to speak threaten to sue university. False
still salty. True
DHS Secretary John Kelly on homegrown terror: “I don't know how to stop that" False
A New Jersey town is panicking because it's about to become Trump's summer getaway False
It's time to #travel solo! #TravelDiaries True
11 of the weirdest foods you should try, according to the internet True
Tom Perez just became 1st DNC chair to say all Dem candidates must support abortion rights False
Stores that survive the retail reckoning will offer more personalized, automated shopping False
Could gasoline pump prices could fall by upwards of 50 percent? False
Polls are open in an election that could have a dramatic effect on the shape of the European Union False
16 bad vagina habits you should ditch ASAP True
First comes Tinder. Then comes marriage? True
Demi Lovato is encouraging self-love through social media False
Trump’s offensive to ‘wipe out’ al-Shabaab threatens more pain for Somalis False
After biking for 7 years straight, who wouldn't want to hug their mom? False
Obama appointee Vivek Murthy resigns as Surgeon General, replaced by deputy Sylvia Trent-Adams (via @gma) False
Lebanon rape law: Wedding dresses hang in Beirut sea front protest False
A senior provincial official said so far over 1,500 #militants have #surrendered. #Balochistan #Pakistan False
Cook a classic in 15 minutes False
United States remains vulnerable to North Korean cyber-attack, analysts say False
Car gets dragged along California freeway as driver waves for help False
14 things we learned from Caitlyn Jenner's new 20/20 interview False
The man who has President Trump's ear True
In Aaron Hernandez’s jail cell: three handwritten notes found beside bible False
Dion Waiters credits body transformation to wrestling gators…kind of

🎥: False
Here's why you really shouldn't try the new Starbucks unicorn drink True
Israelis hold mass marijuana smoking protest outside parliament False
U.S. and South Korean warplanes are engaged on two weeks of combat exercises False
DREAMer lost DACA status when he illegally tried to reenter country, feds say   #FOXNewsUS False
A bounce back year for the Panthers is on the horizon. 

Our W-L predictions for every team False
Box CEO Aaron Levie talks Trump, tech, and how to stay nimble as a public software company False
Tragically Hip wins big and Paul Shaffer freaks out at Canada's Live Music Awards False
In Operation Vandelay Industries, prosecutors allege a real-life "Seinfeld" plot False
Melissa Etheridge: ‘I’d much rather have a smoke with my grown kids than a drink’ False
What's made Canada's Slims River disappear? True
Footage of a woman modelling eye-popping metallic swimwear sparks nudity debate True
Bernie Sanders and Tom Perez's DNC unity tour is off to a bumpy start False
Pot Power List: The music industry players fueling the reefer revolution False
TIME has revealed the 100 most influential people of 2017  via @TODAYshow True
With a whiff of sulphur, George Osborne was gone – but for how long? | Polly Toynbee False
John Clarke's final curtain call as last Clarke and Dawe episode released False
Graphic anti-drinking ad shows how alcohol causes cancer – video False
Here's how to own an original Picasso even if you're not rich False
42 slightly gross things all female best friends have secretly done True
Perspective: His murder was put on Facebook. But his family’s message of forgiveness could be his legacy. False
Trump administration says deported Dreamer wasn’t protected -- and that no one fully is False
Facebook reminded us today that it's still working on technology to connect the entire world. False
Two pictures that show you shouldn’t feel bad about putting on weight True
Here are the perfect male and female bodies, according to men and women True
Here's what it's like to use a computer in North Korea False
Jimmy Kimmel destroys Donald Trump for appearing not to know who Kim Jong-Un is False
Malaysia Airlines is the first carrier to sign up for a new satellite tracking service False
Experts say the U.S. may not be able to shoot down North Korean missiles False
Got the munchies? These are the best late-night snacks around the world True
The White House said the carrier was a deterrent to North Korea, but it was actually sailing away from North Korea False
He created a database to "figure out what the government really does with the money." What he found surprised him True
Everything we know (and all that we don't know) about the snap general election False
"Guardians of the Galaxy 2" will have five post-credits scenes. Yes, five. False
The 10 highest-paying finance companies in the US in 2017 False
Watch @NASA launch a #rocket into #space in a live, #360degree video feed on #April19 False
This cool device can pull water out of thin air. Here's how: True
How everyone else reacted to Theresa May's snap general election True
President @realdonaldtrump may not actually know who the leader of North Korea is False
The Pentagon has begun its latest review of US policy on the use of nuclear weapons False
Why pedometers might be pointless True
Marine dad surprised with magical tea party photo shoot with 4-year-old daughter  via @GMA False
#VinceVsTheWorld x Complex:  

Thanks to @OldSpice False
Texans coach Bill O'Brien "absolutely loves the cannon-armed Mahomes," per @TomPelissero False
Mark your calendars: 

A complete guide to Air Jordan release dates. False
Turkey referendum: Campaign on Erdogan powers 'unequal' False
"The difference in the game was we were playing basketball and they were playing MMA." 

— Paul Millsap False
"All of this grief": Prince Harry opens up about his mental health False
Get organized to get moving -- here's how to get more stuff done: True
Sebastian Gorka likes to be called "Dr. Gorka." He gets his way only in conservative media. True
These rising architectural stars could change India's skylines forever  via @CNNStyle True
Heath Ledger's final gift to daughter Matilda True
DHS' Kelly defends more ICE, Border Patrol hires, says illegal immigrants 'must be dealt with' False
Pence visits military camp near Korean DMZ amid tensions with North False
Heroics of a WW2 seaman who rescued four comrades from a burning cargo ship during a Nazi bombing raid are revealed False
The curious case of the billion-dollar lithium mine that sold on the cheap True
Melissa McCarthy is Easter Spicey, the apologizing Easter Bunny False
thx 4 clearing that up 4 us True
58% of tree species, or 8,751, grow in Brazil, which is the highest number in the world! #GlobalTreeSearch False
Newborn baby dies after mum fell asleep holding her False
Mark Hamill paid an incredibly touching tribute to Carrie Fisher last night False
The death toll in a bomb attack on Syrian evacuees has risen to 112 False
Future brings out Drake, Migos, and Ty Dolla Sign at #Coachella False
Donations to tribes by Daniel Snyder’s Redskins foundation plummet in second year, records show False
One NYT reader's reaction to April the giraffe, an internet star, giving birth False
Boston to mark 4th anniversary of deadly marathon bombing (via @gma) False
Are the Raptors for real? Can the Clippers advance?

NBA Playoff round-by-round predictions False
Rat Boy responds to Kendrick Lamar sampling him on new album DAMN False
#BREAKING: Syrian bus convoy hit by blast, several people reported killed or injured False
India's 'School for Justice' teaches human trafficking survivors to be lawyers False
Parents will totally get Chrissy Teigen's funny story about boogers False
NASA releases stunning new image of Earth as seen from space at night False
Trump plays hardball with Dems on ObamaCare payments False
How The Rock went from failed football player to the highest-paid actor in Hollywood True
You're Only Going To Pass This Quiz If You're Over 30 True
All the best deals on Amazon today True
WATCH LIVE: North Korean military parade in Pyongyang False
41 insanely beautiful drag queens you'll wanna follow on Instagram False
The world's most breathtaking pub crawl involves a helicopter False
18 of the best headphones you can get on Amazon True
How depression and stagnation wrecked the original 'Rocket League' champions False
A safer, less painful way to remove birthmarks and tattoos? True
Muslim woman films Rome airport staff REFUSING to allow her on a flight to London while wearing a hijab False
Nine of the weirdest Easter traditions happening right now around the world True
Everything you need to know about "S-Town," the new podcast sensation False
MLB Hall of Famer Rod Carew received a heart transplant from late NFL TE Konrad Reuland False
Pinball craftsman hits bumpers building a sought-after machine True
What if the Guggenheim Museum were also named for its artist co-founder?  via @BV False
Sit down, be humble &amp; stream Kendrick Lamar's "DAMN." album *now* False
Students speak out against Antony Gormley 'suicide' statue placed on roof of their library False
This grandmother accidentally knitted something very NSFW True
Apple said to be secretly working on diabetes "holy grail" True
North Korea says it 'will go to war' if US provokes it (pic: Reuters) False
Introducing Asia's 30 most innovative leaders in consumer technology:  #ForbesU30Asia False
TDE's @iamstillpunch just blessed us with a lost verse from Kendrick Lamar's "Pride" 🙏 False
BOJ squeeze on bank lending profits puts the focus on bond business False
West Virginia governor brings out actual bulls**t to show what he thinks of budget bill False
Helpless bear chained to an overhead cable is attacked by pack of hunting dogs in cruel Russian contest False
The more expensive the home, the more likely it is to sit on the market False
Motorcyclist takes global adventure after ex-boyfriend deemed it 'too dangerous' for her False
Kobe Bryant and Nike form youth basketball Mamba League in Los Angeles False
What you need to know about the MOAB, the powerful bomb the U.S. dropped on Afghanistan: False
Brazen Assad claims sarin gas attack in Syria was '100% fabricated' False
Magic fire GM Rob Hennigan after 5 years with franchise, per @WojVerticalNBA False
Trump’s high Mar-a-Lago travel costs have triggered ethics concerns False
There are echoes of the US election in France's presidential race, writes @DavidAndelman for @CNNopinion False
Borussia Dortmund attack: Iraqi suspect 'linked to IS' False
Killing thirst one bubble at a time, #Ooho the drink of the future is here! False
HUD Secretary Ben Carson gets stuck in elevator on tour of public housing in Miami. False
Alzheimer's risk factors study calls out obesity in midlife False
Student killed in San Bernardino shooting endured great deal in short life False
Apple has a secret team working on the holy grail for treating diabetes  via @CNBC False
'Deadpool 2' goes maximum effort casting Josh Brolin as Cable False
Investors cherry pick assets of what was once the world’s biggest renewable-energy company False
Wounded by "Fearless Girl," the creator of "Charging Bull" wants her to move False
Stocks fall after President Trump says the dollar is getting "too strong" False
Jarvis Landry with the boldest prediction of the NFL offseason so far. False
Russian foreign minister scolds Sec. of State Tillerson over Syria during Moscow visit. False
Marc Bartra out for 'several weeks' after surgery on injury from Borussia Dortmund bus explosions False
Starbucks' mobile ordering is working too well for their own good False
Could we see four outfielders against certain players?

@Buster_ESPN says the tactic could be making a comeback. False
VPNs are getting extremely popular — here's everything you need to know about them False
Online companies urge FCC chair not to gut net neutrality rules True
Press Sec. Sean Spicer addresses his Hitler comments: “I’ve let the president down” False
Is the United Airlines man being smeared in the media even the right David Dao? It doesn't matter False
The one negotiation option you always have: walking away False
These trap door waterslides plunge you with a near-vertical drop @tuberides False
United CEO felt "shame" when he saw video of passenger being dragged off flight: False
"No one should ever be mistreated this way," United's chief executive said in a statement False
Theresa May must drop her damaging migration target. Sign our petition now:    #dropthetarget False
Hollywood studios sued for allegedly failing to pay "Ben Hur" musicians False
End of an era for the Clippers? Keeping Lowry in the 6?

Top 50 NBA free agents this summer True
.@PressSec says even Hitler didn't use chemical weapons False
Sean Spicer criticised after saying Adolf Hitler 'didn't use chemical weapons' False
United CEO Oscar Munoz apologizes to passenger pulled from plane False
Allison Pearson: "No more vigils. After Westmister and Stockholm, it's time to get angry" #premium False
Spicer: 'Hitler didn't even sink to chemical weapons' False
Bitcoin is spiking False
China executed more people last year than the rest of the world combined False
.@AnupamPkher has shared his e-mail address on social media as he wants to connect with "lonely or depressed" people False
UK inflation stays at three-year high of 2.3% False
Manhunt continues for gun theft suspect who penned Trump manifesto False
"Handmaid's Tale" waitlists surge in libraries across America False
Opinion: "Trump’s Syria strikes do not amount to a coherent policy" False
DEVELOPING: At least 3 injured in shooting at San Bernardino school; shooter down, threat contained, officials say. False
Pope Francis just opened a free laundromat for the poor in Rome False
After 30 guests went without #dinner during a #prewedding reception, the bride decided not to #marry him. True
Free trade must be defended, IMF, WTO and World Bank warn False
CBS captured Sergio Garcia and his fiancé celebrating his Masters-winning putt the same way False
3 teens shot near Indianapolis Statehouse, police say False
Alabama governor faces impeachment hearings after court ruling False
25 photos to remind you how hot Leonardo DiCaprio was, is, and always will be True
If Myles Garrett doesn't go No. 1 overall, he says he'll "punish your team" for 10-12 years: False
The hawk population in Manhattan has grown from only three known pairs in 2006 to 14 or 15 today False
Tillerson, Trump team try to clarify Syria policy after missile strikes against Assad  via @foxnewspolitics False
5 innovations that could make air travel so much better True
Red wine ingredient may improve health of obese men: True
This professional cuddler says he has "the best job in the world" True
Royal sex scandal unearthed by archaeologists in Yorkshire False
.@JudgeJeanine Challenges GOP: 'Put Your Big Boy Pants On,' Get Behind @POTUS. False
What do Steve Bannon and every character on Game of Thrones have in common? 

This: True
24 pictures that will make you way happier than they should True
Brexit migration cap gets backing of former U.K. Tory ministers False
WATCH: News anchor has terrified reaction after getting caught daydreaming on air True
Putin and Rouhani condemn U.S. airstrikes in Syria in phone call, Kremlin says False
Why are liberals now cheerleading a warmongering Trump? | Owen Jones True
Girl who lost all her hair dazzles with inspiring response at school True
Cabin crew help deliver baby at 42,000 feet False
Trashy TV can reveal the ugly truths about domestic violence True
Iran looks to shore up its Russia alliance after U.S. strikes in Syria False
A woman fell off California's highest bridge while taking a selfie False
 True
Diners reveal the mistakes we make when tucking into everyday meals True
Kushner, Bannon sit down to work out differences on Trump’s orders False
Sergio Garcia, Justin Rose tied atop leaderboard after third round of #TheMasters False
#Stockholm attack: Makeshift memorials pay tribute to victims False
At least one dead after shooting at upscale shopping mall in Coral Gables, FL False
Fatal airstrike hits Syrian town days after deadly chemical attack on citizens False
Innovative housing options emerging to help autistic adults find independence False
Hillary Clinton on Trump: ‘As an American, I’m pretty worried’ False
“People lose their way,” said a Bill O’Reilly fan. “I accept you because I believe in you." False
Gambia's ousted dictator seeks more modest title - humble farmer False
A handful of women ignored Iranian orders by running Tehran marathon outdoors alongside men False
Instead of letting hotel soap go to waste, this group recycles it for places that need it False
NSW jockey Darren Jones killed in three-horse fall during Warialda Sprint False
This is what keeps #Mumbai's seashore so polluted! True
#Hot100 chart moves: Katy Perry, James Arthur &amp; Lorde hit new heights False
Breaking down Spotify's potential non-IPO: Why would the company roll the dice on a direct listing? False
Trump should fire IRS commissioner, lawmakers demand --via @brookefoxnews False
#TheKapilSharmaShow to get scrapped? #SunilGrover may get his own show! 😱😲 False
Vehicle driven into people in Stockholm False
 True
Democratic @SenSchumer released a statement on the U.S. airstrikes in Syria. False
New study links carbon pollution to extreme weather | John Abraham False
Tesla reassures rich Model S owners: don't worry, the Model 3 will be beneath you False
Re: What will happen in the post-nuclear wasteland on Capitol Hill? True
Twitter is rolling out a faster, data-friendly version of its service called Twitter Lite False
 True
Tesla built 25,418 vehicles in Q1 2017. Is production speeding up fast enough? False
Baseball is full of urban legends.

The newest rumor? That a Yankees prospect asked to wear Mickey Mantle's number: True
The longest-leading Billboard #Hot100 No. 1s True
Studio admits whitewashing controversy hurt Ghost in the Shell at the box office False
The former heroin addict who became a millionaire with a simple idea True
What is Sarin? In Syria, potent gas believed to be behind fatal attack   #FOXNewsWorld False
Trump removed Steve Bannon from a top National Security Council post, a move driven by his national security adviser False
Opinion: "Trump’s nominee for the FDA could be the leader the agency needs" False
The 30 highest-paid golfers of all time True
Could Marshawn Lynch be returning to the NFL? False
Pepsi pulls Kendall Jenner ad following intense backlash False
Pepsi has pulled its Kendall Jenner protest ad after a day of intense criticism False
Trump aide Steve Bannon removed from National Security Council False
Leonard Fournette is noticeably slimmer than he was at the NFL scouting combine. True
The price of an AK-47 increases the further it travels False
EU migrants could be allowed to enter Britain until 2022, as Theresa May suggests free movement extension False
Marmite may boost brain and even help stave off dementia False
 True
Stories that made headlines yesterday. #NewsRoundup False
Elon Musk trolled Tesla haters on Twitter False
 True
Pedro Guerrero spent 15 seasons with the Dodgers and Cardinals. False
Revived GOP health care talks could hurt those with pre-existing conditions False
A punctured lung. Broken collarbones. A ruptured disc.

Tony Romo played through a lot as QB of the Cowboys. False
Why are people so bothered by a colorful photo of 5 black women? True
Harvard students launch course in how to resist Trump False
Couple jailed for holding disabled woman in their home as sex slave False
New open source font gracefully unifies East Asian languages False
There are an estimated 40,000 #Rohingyas who fled their homes and crossed over to #India to take refuge here False
Scientists just invented a smartphone screen material that can repair its own scratches False
Mother killed in St Petersburg suicide bombing saved her daughter by diving on top of her False
Supreme Court lets New Hampshire 'ballot selfie' ruling stand False
23 thoughts we had while watching "Yuri!!! On Ice" for the first time True
This is how you know when the stock market is in a bubble True
19 ridiculously clever products that will level up your meal prep True
The Warriors are shooting for Kevin Durant to be available for Golden State's final three regular-season games. False
Wells Fargo is ordered to reinstate a whistle blower and pay $5.4 million False
Trump's personal lawyer will serve as key RNC finance executive False
10 great pop songs from March you might've missed True
Manufacturing in U.S. kept expanding at a robust pace in March False
Rick and Morty: how the world's most ingenious animation punk'd its fans True
Reddit's Place 'prank' drew thousands of users together in love and war True
School funding cuts to hit poorer areas harder, says Labour False
5 things for Monday: 

- China
- Supreme Court
- Colombia
- Ecuador
- Oklahoma True
How English sounds to people who don't speak English True
Ruling-party candidate Lenin Moreno slightly ahead in Ecuador’s presidential vote False
"Legion" is the latest in surreality TV, an art form for the days of fake news and contested objectivity False
Facebook is requiring that women and minorities account for at least 33% of law firm teams working on its matters False
5 ‘It’ girl-approved outfits to look stylish False
White House social media director misused position by going after GOP lawmaker, ethics experts say True
Tom Brady spent April Fools' trolling a premature headline claiming he lost the Super Bowl. False
The Outlook: Inflation has hit the Fed’s 2% target, but some are rethinking the figure False
Cambridge, Massachusetts city council to vote on Trump impeachment resolution on Monday False
Quote of the day: False
Colombia: 193 dead after rivers overflow, toppling homes False
Chongyi Feng's detention in China a blunt warning to Chinese Australians, writes @AndrewBGreene False
Shrine custodian stabbed &amp; clobbered devotees in Pakistan, killing 20 people and injuring 3, authorities say. False
.@JustinTrudeau takes aim at @MatthewPerry and the best of the rest on April Fools' Day False
 True
The bar apologized, but denied its employees were involved and kicked out the customer who confronted Watson. True
Awesome teacher pranks students with gibberish-filled spelling test True
Trump aide calls for "defeat" of GOP Rep. Justin Amash False
Family fights to ban USDA wildlife trap that killed their dog, injured son True
People are starting GoFundMe accounts to buy members of Congress' browsing history False
The White House will be illuminated in blue on Sunday to honor World Autism Awareness Day. False
Top #news stories from today! True
Americans are obsessed with eating healthy ... and with Twinkies False
No way out of the renting gap True
Ditch contact lenses after 10 years or risk going BLIND False
A nostalgic @iamsrk had the most adorable message on completing 25 years in #Mumbai!- False
Fake news True
Mississippi State stuns UConn; ends record 111-game winning streak False
Could Trump's budget spell the end of the line for American long-distance trains? False
23 office workers who have perfected the art of sarcasm True
Dreamlike black-and-white photos of New York City False
8 apps that can help you improve your mental and physical health  by @insider_picks True
Digital Disrupt: U.S. entertainment stocks ride Trump wave False
Trump in 2016: 'If You're Not Guilty of a Crime, What Do You Need Immunity For?' False
"You’re about to play U-Conn. in the women’s Final Four. This is what you tell yourself." True
Drexel University professor tweets "trying not to vomit" after a person gave up their seat for a soldier False
The Rock decided to get creative with his leg day workout...and it's pretty insane

🎥: True
The Ned, London's hot new hotel, is classy, historic and heroic in scale False
6 reasons why the Warriors are playing their best basketball of the season False
Ex-Trump adviser Carter Page denies working with Russians to help campaign False
#OTD in 1991: @GloriaEstefan's "Dark" lit up the #Hot100 chart False
23 memes that'll get you through an existential crisis True
'Ghost in the Shell' is a pretty package with nothing inside False
Hawaii judge extends order blocking Trump travel ban False
Kuki Gallmann's Kenya safari lodge burned down False
Australian man dies after jumping from #Bangkok airport's fourth floor False
Chelsea Clinton confirms she's not running for public office False
Chocolate bars could shrink by a fifth to avoid cutting sugar in obesity clampdown False
Academy Awards retains PricewaterhouseCoopers despite Best Picture mix-up False
How one woman is using Tinder to take advantage of men True
How Akzo Nobel is fending off PPG True
Founder of school for disabled children in New Jersey indicted on charges he misappropriated more than $630,000 False
"Trump has to take control. Take a page from Obama and clean house." False
Bob Dylan will accept his Nobel Prize in Literature while playing set of shows in Stockholm False
Stay strong. True
Horizontal drilling in the Permian Basin is creating a new kind of swap meet False
CEOs are rushing to build mansions that 'feel like you're staying in a hotel' False
Ahmed Kathrada obituary False
France anaesthetist investigated for poisoning patients False
The Article 50 letter is delivered #BrexitDay False
IBMVoice: Chatbots and the cloud are ushering in the next era of cognitive business False
Cambodian breast milk True
'Fresh Prince' cast reunited and, of course, fans became emotional. False
Mexican vigilantes amputate suspected thief's HAND True
AG Sessions cites ICE report flagging sanctuary cities that refuse to cooperate-- via @brookefoxnews False
The new £1 coin is here, and it has caused a few problems along the way False
Sanctuary city mayors fire back at Trump administration's threat to cut fed funding - via @brookefoxnews False
This pose is a fundamental of yoga. Here's how to get its full benefits:  via @NBCNewsBETTER True
LIVE BLOG: #CycloneDebbie smashes north Queensland with winds up to 260kph Pic: AAP False
A 'No Makeup' cafe is opening in Tokyo False
Is there a more family-friendly headline writer than Drudge? False
That magical dressing they serve at Japanese restaurants? You can make it at home. False
"That’s sad, Ted. That’s sad." True
Japanese fighters mimic their fierce ancient warrior ancestors in fascinating photoshoot False
Zoo Knoxville investigates how 33 of its animals turned up dead False
For several Wizards, story of missing D.C. teens hits a social media nerve False
Women with painful gynaecological problems told by GPs: 'It's all in your head' False
Sixth grader cited for trespassing after neighbors tired of her cutting through their properties to school bus stop. False
The Final Four teams and game times are now set False
Australia's last cowboys: 'We're fighting for our livelihood'
#premium False
United Airlines in Twitter trouble over dress code rules False
'Power Rangers' fans are hyped about that credits scene—here's why True
Donald Trump has been on 12 golf trips in 9 weeks as President False
Chuck Schumer: Democrats could work with Trump if he ditches his hard-right policies False
He rails against GOP lawmakers, but Trump needs them to save his agenda. An inside look at a White House in turmoil. False
Two methods by two blue bloods collide in an epic Elite 8 matchup. True
Uber suspends self-driving cars after Arizona crash False
Social media firms must join the war on terror, writes @AmberRudd_MP #Premium False
23 totally random jokes about "Friends" you didn’t know you needed in your life True
Creating a home, and preserving your relationship along the way True
The end of the age of rock ’n’ roll is just beginning True
Donald Trump got behind the wheel of a truck and everyone is making the same joke True
Anthony Crolla shows heart but loses on points to Venezuelan Jorge Linares  via @guardian_sport False
Chris Pratt handles body shamers in the most Chris Pratt way True
Hollywood ridicules Donald Trump's Obamacare repeal fail: 'So much for The Art of the Deal' False
Montblanc launched a smartwatch. Here's why it matters False
Trump signals new hope for ObamaCare overhaul, says 'Do not worry!' False
A porn movie was blasted through municipality loudspeakers all across a Turkish town False
Sword-wielding man dressed as The Joker was arrested in Virginia. True
The Kremlin’s apparent support of a Libyan general is causing concern at NATO False
Trump tries to reassure supporters after health care humiliation False
We all need our little victories. True
Canadians embraced Syrian refugees. Letting go might be harder. False
Fearless Florida diver pulls metal hook from shark's belly while swimming in the Atlantic False
Ancient rock carvings depicting masked people discovered in Egypt False
#Shivaji memorial will compete with the #Buddha statue in #China to win the world's tallest statue tag. False
NHL and MLB player unions back U.S. Women's National Hockey team in wage dispute boycott False
Former Penn State president Graham Spanier convicted of child endangerment False
The one question that will let you instantly read someone's personality True
It’s true Trump didn’t pledge Obamacare repeal in 64 days. He pledged it in one. False
North Carolina woman searches for wedding dress husband accidentally donated. False
What allegedly happens inside Scientology's notorious 'prison camp' called 'The Hole' True
A Haribo factory is coming to the U.S. because gummy bear dreams do come true False
Prince George is to attend a private day school in London where children are discouraged from picking a best friend False
Manafort is willing to be interviewed by the House Intelligence Committee, Nunes says False
DeShone Kizer looked "amazing" and showed off improved footwork at Notre Dame's pro day False
How a ‘low volatility’ stock plunged 85% in an hour -- Heard on the Street False
March Madness: South Carolina merchandise sales increase by 320% after Duke upset False
Researchers have confirmed that cancer often occurs at random False
Counterfeit condoms allegedly from China seized in Puerto Rico, federal officials say False
Which languages should children be learning to get ahead? True
Disturbing images show a rabbit attached to the back of a car False
Opinion: Allegations of harassment at the feminist-minded company Thinx expose bigger problems False
Wolf spiders have distinct personalities formed by their experiences with past mates 🕷️ False
Mike Will Made-It recruits Rae Sremmurd, Kendrick Lamar &amp; Gucci Mane for #PerfectPint False
6 things that bartenders wish customers would stop doing True
47-year-old Brett Favre believes he still has the arm to play in the NFL False
🔥🔥🔥 NEW 🔥🔥🔥 Kendrick X Gucci X Rae Sremmurd False
Stephen Colbert has the perfect "dumbass" answer to Kid Rock's @BadassGrill True
This is why most U.K. cops don't carry guns False
#WeAreNotAfraid: 45 reasons why we'll always love London True
This is where the richest people in America live True
Man hilariously drags his sloppy roommate with a "passive aggressive art gallery" False
Stores in Puerto Rico are running out of hair dye thanks to WBC squad False
Man tasked with investigating Trump's ties to Russia makes friendly visit to White House False
.@MikeWiLLMadeIt &amp; @1Future make magic on "Razzle Dazzle" False
Why a fake $3.6 trillion deal is easy to sneak past the SEC False
The US head at one of the top trading firms in the world explains what's going on in the stock market False
Still think @Apple devices can't be hacked? True
Black tech founders make a splash at this year's SXSW  via @NBCBLK False
CargillVoice: Championing female role models in cocoa False
Chicago girl apparently gang-raped on Facebook Live, police say   #FOXNewsUS False
Powerful lobbies dig in ahead of the health care vote False
Ruh roh. True
To save the Avon lady, the crockpot had to go True
...And now the circle is complete. True
FedEx slides after earnings miss False
15 reasons Joan Callamezzo from "Parks And Rec" is the ultimate journalist False
Who is affected by the new flight restriction on devices, and what should you do? False
Breaking: Cam Newton to have surgery on partially torn rotator cuff False
Mom tells police she saw her missing daughter sexually assaulted in a Facebook live video False
On Nov 8th, the govt had said that public will be able to deposit #demonetised notes at #RBI till March 31 False
Gucci ad campaign featuring beloved memes is making the internet cringe hard False
Tim Allen jokingly compares Hollywood to 1930s Germany – video False
#JudgeGorsuch vows independence at confirmation hearing, says won’t be ‘rubber stamp.’ READ: False
Is there a link between climate change and diabetes? Researchers are trying to find out True
How compassionate. True
Why it's do-or-die time on health care for President Trump and GOP bill  via @NBCFirstRead False
Nail salon charges extra for overweight people False
Reporter instantly regrets attempting to broadcast beside a large puddle True
Shoals of goldfish starving out rivals in Munich False
At least seven 9/11 lawsuits against Saudi Arabia land in federal court under 2016 law False
Jeff Bezos tested this giant robot suit False
'The Big Bang Theory' will continue to haunt your television for years to come True
Pretend To Buy Some Expensive Shit And We’ll Guess Your Exact Age True
Comey confirmed for the first time that the FBI is probing links between Russia and the Trump campaign False
Neil Gorsuch promises to be a "neutral and independent" member of the Supreme Court False
FACT CHECK: Yes, both literally and figuratively. True
Brandon Roy named the Naismith National High School Coach of the Year False
Sesame Street introduces muppet with autism to teach children about disorder False
British government will trigger Brexit process on March 29 False
Queensland police search for crocodile after fisherman's body found a day after teen attack False
Troubled waters: Can India and Pakistan bridge differences over crucial water resource? False
Here's a plan to cut India's bad debts and rein in corporate titans  via @Bfly True
First Amendment controversy brews over Texas high school's 'prayer room'  #FOXNewsUS False
24 brutally honest confessions from a sex therapist True
17 jokes that are as smart as they are funny True
Patrick Stewart reveals he uses marijuana daily to help with arthritis False
The EPA has awarded Michigan $100 million to make upgrades to Flint's drinking water system False
Drake stans are spamming Meek Mill's Instagram with the 'More Life' flower emoji. False
Trump is largely relying on Bush and Obama policies when it comes to indigenous forces fighting their own wars False
"They march around saying you’re going to live under Sharia law... It’s right in front of our eyes." False
Chuck Berry, 1926-2017: A look at the career of one of the founding giants of rock 'n' roll False
Louisiana sheriff's deputy shot, killed while on-duty False
Cannabis users 'are four times more likely to suffer a heart attack' False
#Malaysia hunting more suspects in #KimJongNam investigation (Pic: AP) False
Boot, wheelbarrow, thimble ousted from Monopoly board game False
The week in TV: Big Little Lies; War Child; The Replacement and more False
Trump expected to nominate husband of White House counselor Kellyanne Conway for DOJ role, sources say. False
#Grades are just a number for the average #student. Here is why! True
Here’s what to include on your resume and what you can leave out: True
Drake finally dropped his new album and people are shook True
Chuck Berry: life in photos False
The Monaco royal family enjoy a day at a charity rugby tournament False
Las Vegas airport appears to be using a picture of Nick Clegg on its maintenance posters False
NSA official: Reports that British spied on Trump 'arrant nonsense' False
J.C. Penney lists the 138 stores it is planning to shutter False
[serious tweet] The mighty = fallen. Loved u in Dudley Do-Right, Mom &amp; Dad Save the World, + Holy Grail, Eric False
What to expect from the markets when Theresa May triggers the Brexit process True
Racer #AshwinSundar and wife burned to death after their #BMW car catches fire! False
Conor McGregor says he’s going to stop Floyd: “You’re all going to f—ing eat your words”

🎥: False
Horror as man wearing Muslim tunic 'slits his father and brother's throats' in Paris street False
A new airline from British Airways' parent company will fly you to Europe for $149 False
Sister Anne Gardiner hands over keys of Patakijiyali Museum to Tiwi Islanders to run False
3-year-old boy accidentally shoots self, toddler outside Texas Chuck E. Cheese’s False
Trump stands by wiretap claim, jokes he has 'something in common' with Merkel False
From Opinion: Ignore the snobs. Drink the cheap, delicious wine. True
Take control of your financial future with these expert tips True
Here’s Anthony Bourdain’s trick to making perfect scrambled eggs every time False
FBI arrested the troll who sent that seizure-inducing tweet to a journalist with epilepsy: False
Singletons reveal the LAMEST excuses they've made for cancelling a date True
Germany to test software that can tell if asylum seekers are genuine by analysing their VOICE False
So just how good was LaVar Ball in college, really? False
Taraji P. Henson: "I would love to be a Marvel superhero" False
May and Sturgeon are battling for Scotland’s future. Who will blink first? | Lesley Riddoch False
That's the running joke among #Indian #entrepreneurs True
This plus-size model explains why you should unapologetically love your body True
UPDATE: White House Tells All VA Facilities to Hang President's Portrait False
Canada Goose IPO vaults its chief executive from aspiring writer to millionaire False
Apple pledges new research and development centers in China amid challenges in key market False
Americans are quitting jobs at the fastest pace in 16 years False
Google ordered to explain why taxpayer-funded adverts appear alongside extremist material False
Sydney's Martin Place may get new metro station, towers and shops False
"We wouldn't have come back without (Fisher-Davis)."

Vanderbilt player takes blame for loss, but team has his back: False
Iraq 'witch hunt' lawyer Phil Shiner could avoid paying debts True
Couple gets married at hospice so dying infant can be part of the ceremony False
Ed Sheeran announced as final @GlastoFest 2017 headliner False
It’s right for Britain to reach out to Africa – wrong to send Boris Johnson | Afua Hirsch False
Top metro areas in tech job creation 2017:
3-Austin, TX
2-Charlotte, NC
1-San Francisco, CA False
House Budget Committee votes, 19-17, to advance the Republican health care bill False
Paris Police: Letter bomb exploded at French office of International Monetary Fund. False
President Trump's proposed budget receives mixed reception on Capitol Hill False
British PM @theresa_may warned not to defy #Scotland amid push for second independence referendum False
Ivana Trump writing book about raising kids with Donald: False
Lufthansa says earnings are set to fall as ticket prices continue to slide False
The #DeepMind team has found a way to have their #AI learn from past experiences, much like a #human does! @Google 😱 False
Why talking to your partners–at home and at work–is key to a successful financial strategy: True
Tea Party allies rally on Capitol Hill for ObamaCare repeal   via @josephweber19 False
A Danish official cuts cake to celebrate an anti-immigration law, but not everyone joins the party True
Many concerned about falling temperatures and icy conditions on roads across the Northeast. False
Here’s who Martin O’Malley thinks is running for president in 2020 (Hint: It includes him) True
Frigid temperatures cause "widespread damage" to D.C. cherry blossoms  via @NBCWashington False
Deputies Use Drone, Thermal Imaging to Find Teen Runaways False
One #WBC2017 fan’s attempt to catch a home run ball ended in serious pain 😳

🎥: False
Slovenia is honoring its beloved Melania Trump with her own wine True
Opinion: Yes, President Trump is being held accountable True
Audi and VW sites raided in emissions probe False
Sen. Graham says he will subpoena the FBI over Trump's wiretapping claim if Dir. Comey does not provide information False
Leah Remini says she needs to continue her mission to expose Scientology's dark side False
The Ball family’s home was robbed while they were at LaMelo and LiAngelo’s basketball game False
Gregg Allman won't tour again for the rest of the year False
How to get paid more at work without changing your salary: True
Western Mosul reduced to rubble in fight to oust ISIS False
Can Australia ride out another financial crisis?  (Pic: Brad Garnham) True
26 pictures guaranteed to make you laugh every time True
Student loan defaults are rising faster than you think False
Oh yes, it's true—Lyft definitely stole some of Uber's users after #DeleteUber. Now we know how many True
Impressive. Most impressive. True
Headscarves and Muslim veil ban debate: a timeline False
Australia may ban children who have not been vaccinated from childcare centres False
13 secrets about the muppets you probably don’t know True
Robert Shiller is worried about the Trump rally False
Student speaks out after violent protests erupt at Middlebury College False
Britain is in chaos – and now the Tories may destroy the union | Owen Jones False
The Chainsmokers' "Closer" ties record for most weeks in #Hot100's top 10 False
How to completely banish stress in just THREE MINUTES True
15 Of The Hardest Relationship Questions That’ll Really Make You Think True
How the Weather Channel braces for a snow storm  via @YahooTV False
6 fact checks of President Trump’s critiques of the Affordable Care Act True
Texas Rep. Jessica Farrar trolls GOP by proposing $100 fine for men who masturbate False
A 5-year-old boy left a heartbreaking note for a woman. Now she's trying to find him True
Sturgeon said she wants another Scottish independence referendum. Here we examine what she said – and what she meant True
Teen girl's burned body found at Vegas apartment complex   via @AndrewCraft #FOXNewsUS False
Quebec supermarket donation program aids food banks as it tackles waste False
Are you a young person thinking of entering politics? True
Buyout firm buys $800 million of assets from itself False
Girl, 4, who trekked through wolf-infested Russian forest to get help when her grandma died says she wasn’t scared False
Frank Ocean premieres "Chanel" &amp; A$AP Rocky remix on #Blonded radio False
This is what Republicans need to repeal and then replace Obamacare: A visual guide: False
Ed Sheeran to star in Game of Thrones! False
Malaysia says it will give Kim's family time to claim body: False
All the previews, picks and bracket breakdowns from this year's #MarchMadness  via @NBCSports False
The world's best-funded pension market is showing the dark side of new rules False
Government accused of obstructing the homeless from voting while spending millions on helping rich expats register False
Greensboro church selling Syracuse vs. UNC-Greensboro shirts ahead of NIT game #marchmadness False
Nicki Minaj and Aretha Franklin are tied for the most Hot 100 songs by a woman True
Congressman: We need a National Guard for cybersecurity False
Hundreds of millions of British aid 'wasted' on overseas climate change projects False
WATCH LIVE: Former VP Joe Biden promotes "Cancer Moonshot" initiative at #SXSW False
"When a man comes into a women’s shelter who still has a penis and genitals, he has more rights than we do." False
Northeast blizzard could dump up to 18 inches of snow on New York City False
Assad calls US troops 'invaders' but still hopes to cooperate with Trump False
kek True
“The days when the Jewish people remained passive in the face of genocidal enemies – those days are over.” False
Trump praises arrest of 'troubled person' at White House False
South Korea's Park leaves presidential palace after impeachment False
Hotels in caves: underground rooms for every budget and style False
Zika virus linked to heart trouble in some adults: False
House panel wants any evidence Trump's phones were tapped False
Tensions escalate between Turkey, Netherlands over aircraft landing dispute #FoxNewsWorld False
You want the 68 teams in the bracket? We have them (for now…) True
4 things Hollywood gets wrong about archaeologists — and 2 things it gets right True
This Rolls-Royce Ghost comes with $100K worth of goodies True
IRS delays designed to prevent fraud leave some income-tax filers searching for expected funds False
Gunman robs blood bank, tells staff he's hungry False
Erdoğan brands Dutch government ‘Nazi remnants and fascists’ – video False
Harvard Law School dropping LSAT could lead to sweeping changes False
Did Shia LaBeouf Or James Franco Do This Crazy Thing? True
Michael Buble's son Noah 'doing very well' after cancer treatment False
Muhammad Ali's son says he was detained at airport again False
Credibility of Congress' Russia probes still in question False
Conservatives want health bill changes, House leaders resist False
Are you middle class enough to deserve a health care tax break? True
Never has Joe Lunardi called the race for No. 1 seeds this early.

But the teams appear to be already locked. False
Jay Cutler, Connor Barwin top their respective positions of best players available False
Relationship expert reveals how to avoid being conned on a dating app True
Stephen Colbert shreds @TedCruz's dinner date with @realDonaldTrump False
Dan Savage: "I f**king hate Melania Trump" False
Kristen Stewart speaks about President Trump's 2012 remarks about her breakup on Twitter True
People think Nicki Minaj's "Regret in your Tears" is about Meek Mill 🤔🤔🤔 False
Cops tell Uber driver to stop filming, but it turns out he's also a lawyer False
Billboard near Tesla's California factory has message for Elon Musk: "Please dump Trump." False
Stop avoiding gluten. Immediately True
Reasons to vote for Democrats tops Amazon bestseller list True
Here comes Canada's jobs report... False
ON @GMA: WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange defends publication of CIA hacking docs: False
Two dead as ousting of South Korea's disgraced president Park Geun-hye sparks clashes False
For those who really want to get acquainted with this genre with sub genres, here’s a #guide to #electronicmusic False
Samantha Bee's #FullFrontal apologizes for saying cancer patient has "Nazi hair" False
This Satisfying Food Quiz Will Reveal Where You Should Live True
In a loud league, Kawhi is quietly making a case for MVP False
Mar-a-Lago: Questions about membership applications since Trump elected are ‘inappropriate’, says resort False
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo announced a $1.4 billion plan to fight poor health and poverty in Brooklyn False
.@Raekwon taps @LilTunechi for grimy track "My Corner" False
Andrew Whitworth agrees to three-year, $36M deal with Rams, per @RapSheet False
Shaq and other ex-NBA players remember the night Biggie died. False
U.S. Marines enter Syria to aid fight for ISIS’ capital Raqqa False
New on your dinner tab: a labor surcharge True
Nike announced that it would release a Pro Hijab for female Muslim athletes False
The wife of "American Pie" singer Don Mclean gets a protective order False
Germans really, really love the euro False
Don't farm XP in custom games or else 'Overwatch' will ban you False
Good isn’t good enough. Here’s 6 things you need to stand out in the MBA applicant pool True
These are the 7 daily behaviors of conscientious people: True
China, fearing escalation, tries to nudge the U.S. back into talks with North Korea False
Anita Hill: The African-American attorney who changed modern feminism False
Bad (or sick) guy! True
LL Bean recalls 3,000 pairs of adjustable snowshoes. False
Yes, #India is the most corrupt country in #Asia Pacific False
Remy Ma on "shETHER": "I'm just not particularly proud of it." False
.@seanhannity: GOP Must Unite on #ObamaCare Replacement or Risk Party 'Civil War' #Hannity False
In Thailand, women rule finance and men think banking jobs are boring False
George Michael died of natural causes, coroner says False
Alex Rodriguez officially joins Fox Sports as a full-time MLB analyst False
International Women's Day: how can you support the global strike? False
HHS Secretary Price: "The goal of all of this is patient-centered health care." False
What insurers like and dread about the GOP’s plan to replace Obamacare False
This new cookie is causing some seriously weird side effects True
Lords vote against second Brexit referendum False
READ: Full text of President Trump's new executive order on immigration and travel: False
Trump offers Planned Parenthood funds if it halts abortions False
Stephen Hawking says Jeremy Corbyn is disastrous for Labour True
Patrick Leonard, condemned Ohio man, kills himself on death row: False
Amber Tamblyn sums up the messiness of breastfeeding in one photo True
Gavin Grimm: When it comes to trans rights, "I'm in for the long haul" False
Shohei Ohtani could have been a $200-million man in MLB...but then the rules changed False
Uh oh. True
US Soccer says players must stand for national anthem   #FOXNewsUS False
Breaking News: President Trump issued a more limited executive order on immigration False
Parents angered as 'Jojo Bows' banned in schools across the country False
Migrants smash up German asylum centre and severely injure a police officer after riot breaks out False
Morgan StanleyVoice: Own your financial future: a guide for women False
Israeli media say police will question Netanyahu again in ongoing corruption investigations False
Justin Timberlake, Bruno Mars shine at 2017 #iHeartAwards False
Kate Garraway at 50: 'I obsessed over having a facelift' #premium False
Top entertainment news from today! True
How AMC plans to keep you in their theaters False
Hungarian border guards 'taking selfies with beaten migrants' False
Parenting in the age of genetic testing, from the author of ‘The Gene Machine’ False
19 small things you never noticed on “Friends" True
This stunningly racist French novel is how Steve Bannon explains the world False
AT&amp;T agrees to bring 3,000 jobs back to the US in new labor pact False
This year’s Salon d’Auto takes place amid the most far-reaching upheaval of global trading conditions in decades. True
Garfield’s a boy … right? How a cartoon cat’s gender identity launched a Wikipedia war. False
This cancer-stricken 5-year-old's photo was used to scam people for money, his family claims False
15 surprising facts about Tesla cars you probably didn't know True
Sex education was a lie. You can get pregnant if you're pregnant True
Nigel Farage humiliated on TV by 6-year-old girl False
‘Changing the Game Would Be the Sports Equivalent of New Coke’ False
It is not impossible to teach employees to have great attitude. How to do it: True
12 real sex situations that will make you cringe True
Not good. True
#CrazyExGirlfriend star/creator @Racheldoesstuff breaks down four standout songs from the new season 2 soundtrack False
How can stocks be so cheery when bonds are so glum?  via @Bfly False
A partnership made in handbag heaven: How Kate Spade and Everpurse got wearable tech right False
Residents in Spain and Andorra shocked to see the Gran Valira River turn green. False
Donald Trump promised Michigan good jobs; now his supporters there expect him to deliver False
Strangers living "literally around the corner" from each other discover they're sisters True
Alas! True
Residents in Spain and Andorra shocked to see the Gran Valira River turn green. False
Many consider it the greatest WWE match of all time.

How Randy Savage vs. Ricky Steamboat became a reality: False
The IRS is stepping up efforts to combat identity theft and refund fraud, but tax filers should remain vigilant True
Hhgregg is closing 88 stores that aren't profitable due to the collapse of physical retail False
Someone tried to attack 'liberals' with this picture. They immediately regretted it. True
#Kerala's #infantmortalityrate (IMR) has been brought down to 6, a level equal to that of the #US! False
Opinion: "Our demand for cheap food is killing the American dream for millions of people" False
'Jihadist executioner' asylum seeker arrested in Germany False
Nick Mangold trolls himself after being cut by Jets False
Judge: Casey Anthony may have accidentally killed daughter False
.@TheLumineers' "Cleopatra" climbs to No. 1 on the #AlternativeSongs chart False
Rihanna's Puma collection 🎀 False
Wedding dress made from Taco Bell burrito wrappers is anything but mild False
Snap IPO: a 21st-century firm with a 19th-century structure False
Trump said he has total confidence in Sessions despite disclosures of attorney general's talks with Russia officials False
This junior college plagiarizes the Golden State Warriors. They're undefeated. False
Mainstream country stars are tiptoeing around Donald Trump False
The oral history of Michael Jordan's minor league baseball career False
Just three of Trump's16 cabinet picks have law degrees, a sharp drop from the four previous presidents: False
Michael Jackson's Neverland Ranch is back on the market for $67 million False
Murder victim found in shed 'was fragile secretary of allotment society' False
Investigators probed Jeff Sessions’ contacts with Russian officials during the election campaign False
Mother in India calls for man who threw acid over her to be executed False
.@TayaKyle: Backlash to Trump's SEAL Widow Tribute 'Makes Me Sick to My Stomach' #First100 False
ISIS leader 'admits DEFEAT in Iraq and orders militants to flee or kill themselves in suicide attacks' False
Here are quite possibly the most awkward heavy metal bands ever True
Lego to produce fan-designed Women of NASA figures False
Casey Affleck addresses 2010 sexual harassment allegations after Best Actor win False
Get a load of this ｗｉｎｎｉｎｇ  ｍｅｓｓａｇｅ right here: True
A tale of two speeches: Comparing Trump's inaugural to his address to Congress False
The new "Beauty And The Beast" features Disney’s first gay character True
Facebook artificial intelligence spots suicidal users False
Trump hails 'new chapter in American greatness' in optimistic Congress speech False
This joke about Donald Trump is extremely rude and we don't condone it even a little True
Child dies after being left in hot car in Florida for more than 5 hours   via @FOX13News False
Trump was caught practicing his speech, so the internet made jokes True
Here is the complete text of President Trump’s first address to Congress False
Kellyanne Conway on 'couchgate:' "I obviously meant no disrespect." False
Deloitte report clears #CommInsure of 'systemic', 'cultural' problems  #ausbiz False
The Oscars had their most chaotic conclusion ever on Sunday night, but a relatively small audience was watching it False
Any user generating over 20 tonnes a day or 300 tonnes per project in a month will have to pay False
Ukip supporters: where should the party go from here? False
Congratulations! India now has its first #Heliport False
Donald Trump says Obama is 'behind' leaks False
Two women suspected of killing Kim Jong-un's brother could face death by hanging False
How to survive the longest flight in the world True
TONIGHT ON @NIGHTLINE: In Kentucky, a Trump stronghold, many fear losing Obamacare False
Donald Trump managed to make Oscars screw-up about him... True
#WallStreet: US stocks continue slow grind up False
Scientists have long been afraid of "advocacy." A new study says it may not hurt them False
European policy makers have four major concerns over Trump, writes @Simon_Nixon True
#MouniRoy Recreates #Aishwarya’s #AajJaaneKiZidNaKaro In #Naagin And It’s Beyond Sexy! False
The simple rule ot retiring early: True
Oscars shock: La La Land mistakenly named best picture – video False
The disappearance of Jonathan Spollen False
Best actor Casey Affleck pays tribute to Denzel Washington in acceptance speech. False
Foreign language film nominees release joint statement ahead of Oscars False
Another Jewish Cemetery Was the Target of an Alleged Anti-Semitic Attack False
Taliban leader encourages people to plant trees False
Exclusive: @theweeknd shares the inspiration behind his Spring Icons collection with @hm. False
Inside Lapland's palatial Icehotel, with its -5C rooms and special 'duvet suits' False
"Real men provide. Real women appreciate it": North Carolina billboard sparks protest False
Titanic actor Bill Paxton has died False
Making history in Hollywood: David White is first Black Executive Director of SAG-AFTRA False
8 changes your bedroom needs so you can sleep better True
The entire British public, not just the Brexiteers, deserve a vote on the terms of Brexit False
Truck slams into Mardi Gras parade crowd in New Orleans, injuring dozens False
Mediator: Will the Real Democracy Lovers Please Stand Up? True
He lost mobility and can't speak, swallow or breathe without artificial help. But he was going to finish his movie. True
"Greatest threat to democracy": Commander of bin Laden raid slams Trump’s anti-media sentiment False
Couple keeps pregnancy a secret for 9 months False
Europeans brought strains of bacteria to the Americas 500 years ago that are STILL making people ill False
Who is the prime suspect in the killing of Kim Jong-un's half brother? False
Trump rejects DHS intelligence report on travel ban by @EDeMarche False
Several former National Hockey League players pledge to donate their brains to CTE research: False
The US government just took the first step in building Trump's wall False
US scientists prepare to fight back against @realDonaldTrump's 'war on science' False
.@WhiteHouse bars several major news outlets from informal press briefing False
Netflix is reinventing reality TV by making the same show six times True
JaVale McGee and Shaquille O’Neal’s feud escalates after "Doctor Strange" parody False
Joko #Widodo expected to talk trade, trust, tourism and foreign tensions on Australia trip False
This taxpayer-owned bank has lost $74 billion in 9 years True
CASUAL. Police find $1.2 million worth of weed in old nuclear bunker False
"My Life as a Zucchini" is Switzerland’s magical animated entry in this year’s Oscars. @JoeMorgenstern's review: False
23 hilariously genius lies parents actually told their kids True
President Trump tweets criticism of FBI for its inability to stop leaks to the media: False
Refugees who sheltered US whistleblower Edward Snowden now live in fear in Hong Kong False
Easy hairstyles that give you zero excuses to skip the gym  via @YahooBeauty True
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg says we're not mindful enough of "what makes America great" False
Iraqi forces take Mosul airport from ISIS as troops reclaim the western side of the city False
CPAC: Pence says 'America's ObamaCare nightmare is about to end' False
Yikes. 😬

Devin Booker told P.J. Tucker he was staying put right before Suns traded him False
Troops recapture key airport in ISIS' final Iraq stronghold: reports False
Washington Post's Editorial Board: The White House just told transgender students they’re on their own False
Chinese man is as tough as nails, literally True
"Immigration by numbers is failing families. Brexit must not leave them in the lurch," says Chris Murray #premium False
Damien Hirst gives first glimpse of new Venice art – but can he win back critics? False
Showboating after the fact is still showboating. True
McCain makes secret trip to Syria to meet with US military: False
Australian ex-PM Kevin Rudd berates Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu False
It appears Magic and Bird have been talking. True
Patriots' Bill Belichick could be called as witness in Aaron Hernandez murder trial: False
Has Damien Hirst — the art-world darling of the ’90s — jumped the shark? False
Who will lead the Democratic Party in the era of President Trump? #DNCDebate tonight 10p ET False
Iraqi police snipers take aim at Mosul ahead of key airport offensive #Premium False
Two members of Trump's cabinet reportedly sparred over protections for transgender students False
IRS issues list of common tax scams for 2017: False
Netflix's 'Mystery Science Theater' gets release date, perfect cast photo False
In addition to all the rapes, they provide a convenient excuse to expand the surveillance state. True
Hunt master investigated by police after allegedly whipping saboteur with riding crop False
Model risked her life and broke the law... all for a photo shoot False
A bank founded in 2010 is taking on the big five and is set to make its first profit False
Fortescue Metals founder Andrew Forrest's luck turns again as #ironore price jumps  #ausbiz #commodities False
Mohammad Marandi: Iran crucial in stopping IS False
Seen This Image Of 'Pregnant' #Trump Being Spooned By #VladimirPutin? True
The body was hacked to bits and packed into 16 bags which were then hidden False
They want nothing else. False
Anti-Trump protesters spread a powerful message on the Statue of Liberty False
Bears reportedly “actively” seeking trade partner for Jay Cutler False
Ohio policeman helps girl, 10, with maths homework False
Trafficking victim: 'I was raped and blindfolded underground' False
The Tonner Doll Company is releasing a transgender doll inspired by Jazz Jennings False
Watch Alex Trebek rap lyrics by Lil Wayne, Drake, Desiigner &amp; Kanye on "Jeopardy" False
Yahoo dodges disaster on Verizon deal — but still loses $350 million False
A mother in the US says she will carry her terminally-ill baby to full term so her organs can be donated False
Bill Gates sounds the alarm on bioterrorism False
US to deploy 1,000 troops to Poland False
California officer shot and killed after responding to crash identified: False
Kind CEO is seeking to promote "public health over special interests" in the food industry: False
South Korean woman jailed for six years after beating and suffocating her cousin during exorcism False
Here's what people really thought about that Trump press conference True
Celebrate Presidents' Day with the Presidential podcast, exploring the life, leadership and legacy of our presidents False
#ICYMI: 'CCTV footage of Kim Jong-nam #assassination' released (pic: Fuji TV) False
Could the new-look New Orleans Pelicans pose a problem in the playoffs for Golden State? False
Even a Democratic congressman has to answer for Trump True
French police raided Marine Le Pen's Front National party HQ in an investigation into alleged misuse of EU funds False
A Unilever-Colgate takeover? Or Unilever-Nestle?  via @Bfly False
Pretty bonkers. True
A Trump wine boycott backfires spectacularly False
Iran's foreign minister just mocked Donald Trump False
Massachusetts police reportedly searching for 2 suspects in gruesome murders False
"Roe" in Roe v. Wade has died. Norma McCorvey was a symbol of abortion rights, but reversed her views later in life. False
#ICYMI: When your wife refuses conventional cancer treatment True
60 Minutes' odd journey to North Korean border True
How the Kremlin’s disinformation machine is targeting Europe True
'Lego Batman' and 'Fifty Shades' power the holiday box office as 'Great Wall' fails False
A top New York City chef shows how to make the perfect burger False
Wat. True
Snap plans to raise up to $3.2 billion in upcoming IPO False
Steve Irwin's son Robert shows he's a chip off the old block on Tonight Show True
26 texts you’ll understand if you’ve ever texted a straight guy False
Amid Russia concerns, Comey's Hill visit results in uncanny silence among lawmakers False
Is this real life? True
The National Security Council vacuum sparks fears of a crisis False
Tucson Mayor Jonathan Rothschild carjacked at gunpoint; police say he was not injured in the incident False
Samuel L. Jackson is pissed that he's not in 'Black Panther.' False
Check out a teaser for the upcoming Stephen King and J.J. Abrams series, ‘Castle Rock.’ False
Roe v Wade: Woman in US abortion legal test case dies False
Zoe Saldana and her husband welcomed their third son, Zen, to the world False
Who didn't see this coming? True
Bill Gates: Pathogen could kill 30m in a year True
City of Brotherly Love…

Joel Embiid wants the 76ers to keep Jahlil Okafor False
Cue Card romps to ninth Grade One triumph by 15 lengths in Ascot Chase  via @guardian_sport False
Penn State fraternity shut down after pledge's fatal fall earlier this month False
Hispanic Caucus: ICE confirmed it went broader on immigration arrests False
A fire truck plunged into a crater after a highway collapsed False
This video of a woman talking with her cheating ex has gone viral True
What Republican lawmakers knew about President Trump and Russia all along  via @nytopinion False
Sydney, Illawarra and Katoomba brace for more severe thunderstorms #SydneyStorm False
The Metropolitan Museum of Art is opening up its digital doors False
Suspect in slaying of 14-year-old Ohio girl found in vacant home enters plea False
Watch: SUV plummets into river after road washes away False
You can train like an Olympian at this French villa for only $12,500 False
Soldiers given taxpayer-funded guide to strip clubs of Tallinn False
Trump supporters cheer his combative style with the media False
Why another scandal at Samsung could be good for the company: True
This video of a woman talking with her cheating ex has gone viral True
20th Century Fox apologizes for using fake news to promote a film False
Only A Spelling Genius Can Get Over 10 On This Timed Quiz True
#Yosemite Firefall: National Park optical illusion makes waterfall look like fire False
Chris Christie says Trump made him order meatloaf at White House dinner  via @nbcnewyork True
Christchurch fire halted as residents count losses False
How Canada curbed foreign workers and hobbled its meat industry False
Study: Most drivers, not just young, are taking risks False
7 things Americans love that were invented by immigrants True
Russians making great efforts to get close to Pres. Trump and the people around him, U.S. intelligence officials say False
.@LadyGaga's Super Week: Her sales &amp; streaming gains after the big game False
'At least 39' killed by Baghdad car bomb False
EXCLUSIVE: Court rulings raise number of legally nonbinary Californians to seven  via @NBCOUT False
Toyota has produced its 10 millionth hybrid car False
Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder is linked to delayed brain development False
Jack Dorsey is ready to give Twitter an AI makeover False
Republicans are exploring curbing the Endangered Species Act False
Brain scans detect signs of autism in very young babies False
Joey Badass strives for glory on new song "Victory": False
Can Tom Price save Republicans from their Obamacare mess? False
Former White House photographer Pete Souza trolls Trump with contrasting pictures of Obama: False
Alma Cocina Latina review: A Venezuelan stunner in Baltimore False
The Giants? The Broncos? The (gasp) Packers? 

Where might Adrian Peterson land if he's not back with the Vikings: False
28 things every person absolutely hates that they do but does anyway True
Donald Trump, in a rapid-fire series of tweets, blasts media and intelligence agencies False
When it comes to Israel, stakes are high for President Trump's son-in-law True
Former Falcons player Roddy White blasts Atlanta coaches for blowing Super Bowl. False
The model to relaunch Playboy as a nude magazine again started her career at Hogwarts. She says #nakedisnormal False
The Guardian view on Michael Flynn’s resignation: not a Whoops but a Wow | Editorial False
He won't be able to play with his dad again. :( #TerroristAttack #JammuAndKashmir #SatishDahiya True
VMwareVoice: The cloud will drive your car False
Homes in these 10 markets are selling like hotcakes True
Cigna is seeking a $1.85 billion breakup fee plus more than $13 billion in damages from Anthem False
An authorized Notorious B.I.G. documentary is officially in the works False
If we had to guess, Kendall Jenner &amp; A$AP Rocky are each other's Valentines False
The lack of women in tech is actually getting worse, not better False
YouTube just cancelled a PewDiePie show False
Theresa May set to miss EU's 60th anniversary summit, sources say False
This is how the internet reacted to #Sasikala's verdict! #SasikalaConvicted True
Happy Valentine’s Day, from all of us at @ABC News! 
Fun facts about the holiday: False
One dead and several hurt as passenger train collides with a freight train in Luxembourg False
ON @GMA: Michael Flynn resigns as President Trump's national security adviser: False
Valentine's Day is a busy time for private eyes - but not for the reason you think True
First transgender French Vogue cover star has "beauty striking enough to stun", @VogueParis editor says False
Naked pictures are traded 'like football stickers' in playgrounds, Education Secretary told False
Rachel Lindsay, a 31-year-old attorney from Dallas, will be the first black "Bachelorette" False
Singapore will allow foreign takeovers of the country's 3 finance companies False
Victoria ignores call for forced drug, mental health treatment for most vulnerable children False
President Trump is preparing to expand his social media team, big league False
'I lost all my fingers': Asylum seekers make dangerous border crossing True
Meet Clemmie Hooper, the 'Insta-midwife' every millennial mother-to-be wants at their birth #premium False
Countries with the largest shadow economies: 

1. Greece
2. Italy
3. Spain False
Scott Baio swears off Nordstrom after Ivanka snub False
Trump's national-security huddle at Mar-a-Lago was captured on Facebook False
Here are some answers about how President Trump's Mexico wall plan might work True
New Power Rankings in from @ESPNSteinLine:

1. @warriors
2. @cavs
3. @spurs
4. @HoustonRockets
5. @WashWizards
6-30: False
Rihanna may not have taken home any awards, but she won the Grammys anyways False
Theo 'rape' case fuels clashes with police in Paris area False
Muslim nonprofit groups are rejecting federal funds because of Trump False
New drone footage shows ISIS' destruction of treasured monuments in Syrian city Palmyra False
Investors are waking up to the risk of Marine Le Pen becoming French president False
#ICYMI: 'I adore you': Adele uses #GRAMMYs speech to praise Beyonce (pic: Reuters) False
Muslim nonprofit groups rejecting federal funds because of Donald Trump False
Katy Perry makes a political statement with "Persist" armband at #Grammys False
Here are all of the performances at the #Grammys so far True
.@Megadeth wins first #Grammy at 2017 awards False
Fiendishly tricky vocabulary quiz claims just 1% of players will score full marks True
This is not a drill: You can now intern for Barack and Michelle Obama. True
Verrender: The simple truth on renewable energy #analysis #ausbiz 💡
(Pic: Nick Haggarty) True
#ICYMI: Australia 'running behind' in #obesity #prevention policy, health specialists say False
Germany’s new Trump-critic president predicts 'difficulties' in relations with the U.S. False
A sleep doctor explains how your sleep position could cause wrinkles False
#Banks to secure management of employees' superannuation funds #ausbiz False
A porn site decided to step in when this State voted against sex education False
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and Jason Statham expecting first child False
All you Valentine's Day haters are wrong. There, I've said it. True
Gold miners are back on the hunt for mergers and acquisitions False
This hero cat bit its sleeping owner to save family from house fire False
There's a message for you Mr. @realDonaldTrump True
The rise of social media in government: False
As the 2016 election raged to a close, the "Little House on the Prairie" books seemed suddenly timely False
The Iraq investigations are now rightly over – the questioning should turn Whitehall #TelegraphView False
23 questions you probably have for lesbian movies True
Julie Hesmondhalgh: from Coronation Street to Broadchurch #premium False
Michael Jackson is worth more than ever, and the IRS is startin' somethin' False
Dry cleaners 'gave away' this woman's wedding dress - can you help track it down? True
Newly signed @jimjonescapo teases @Migos and @Jeezy collaborations. False
13 things to know about this week's charts: Katy Perry's "Rhythm" already No. 1 on #Trending140 False
Shadowy Portuguese hacker who rocked Brand Beckham with email expose is now on the run False
I was ghosted 3 times in the last year. Here are 6 things I learned. ➡️ by @NoahMichelson True
Car crash puts Poland's prime minister in hospital False
Tiny US colleges’ investments are outperforming Ivy Leagues with billion-dollar endowments False
.@realDonaldTrump considering "brand new order" for #travelban as @WhiteHouse refuses to rule out appeal False
In the President Trump era, congressional town halls are packed with protesters: False
Rick Derringer charged with bringing loaded gun on an airplane False
Justin Timberlake, Sting, Lin-Manuel Miranda and John Legend set to perform at the Oscars False
The President's critics are pulling a Trump and using Twitter to troll him back False
An internationally known New York runner who completed 744 marathons has died at age 96. False
Betsy DeVos asked Twitter a question. It did not go well. True
This UCLA cheerleader took two scary falls during a single timeout False
Britain drops probe of two Airbus employees linked to Saudi investigation, sources say False
Stephen Colbert calls out Kellyanne Conway's 'free commercial' for Ivanka Trump's clothing False
A timeline of Pres. Trump's immigration executive order and legal challenges False
Glass from nuclear test backs up theory our moon was created by 'giant impact' with Earth False
How to benefit from the battle between credit card companies: False
An adoption agency's sudden closure leaves prospective parents hanging: False
Work in Canada? See if your company made our list of the country's best employers: False
&gt;Populist
&gt;Became a millionaire as a college professor
Pick one. True
BREAKING: 9th Circuit Court of Appeals rules against Trump administration, keeps immigration order on hold. False
Breaking News: President Trump’s travel ban remains blocked: An appeals court rejected a bid to reinstate it. False
GOP preparing plan to gut Consumer Finance Protection Bureau, roll back Wall Street regulations False
GOP congressman: Democrats are acting the same way they did leading up to the Civil War False
Surprise: robots aren’t replacing humans in key areas of manufacturing True
A complete guide to this weekend's sneaker releases True
Reports say radiation is "soaring" at Fukishima. There's only one problem: it's not False
ICYMI: "If something is not in line with what I'm about ... I definitely need to take a stance in that respect." False
Here's what pilots look out for when they're passengers True
Madonna confirms adoption of twins with heartwarming Instagram post False
Betsy DeVos kicks off her new job by making a joke about that famous bear comment False
NBA, Take-Two Interactive announce formation of NBA 2K eLeague False
Madonna gave the world a glimpse of new twins 7 months ago  via @YahooCelebrity False
How to shear a sheep, and win True
Dog found with its ears and nose cut off wandering streets alone gets new hope False
Why waking up in the night is natural False
People came together to help a widowed old man find a fishing buddy and it’s so touching True
Family rescued from dangling cliff-edge truck False
Marine Le Pen continues to lead in French election polls, showing she will win first round presidential vote False
Flipboard wants you to love reading the news — by giving you the news you love False
A small Arkansas town has its first murder suspect in decades. He’s 12. False
The search, the trial and the evidence of Shannon Matthews' disappearance - in pictures False
Syria rejects Amnesty International report of mass hangings as "untrue" False
Red Velvet earns second No. 1 on World Albums chart with #Rookie False
Republican senators vote to formally silence Elizabeth Warren False
'I believe my husband was poisoned' True
Cerberus loads up on European property debt False
Clearly a Breitbart plant. True
Climate of violence. True
Iran's supreme leader to President Trump: "We will not fear you" False
Hans Rosling: Data visionary and educator dies aged 68 False
Vatican mole left secret messages hidden in confession box in Renaissance church in Rome False
Prince William calls for end to stigma on mental illness False
'The future is female' : Watch Hillary Clinton's first statement since Trump's inauguration False
An imam gave a sermon about community at JFK airport. You should watch it. False
As celebrity books boom, professional authors are driven out of full-time work False
U.S. wrestlers can compete in World Cup after host Iran relents False
A MILO story: 1,000 words. True
Bill O’Reilly called Putin a "killer." Now the Kremlin wants an apology from Fox News. False
Intolerant town True
Bishop of Guildford says he was victim of barrister accused of child abuse False
Sophie Turner from "Game of Thrones" just brutally roasted Donald and Melania Trump False
One thing is clear after an epic #SB51:

The Patriots’ dynasty is far from over False
If the sound of people chewing annoys you, scientists just figured out why False
Syria conflict: Army cuts IS supply route into al-Bab False
Ed Sheeran's new Brit Awards emoji is so damn adorable False
Foolproof foundations: How to stay on the right side of the IRS False
Trump's diplomatic travails and his past Twitter fixation with Kristen Stewart provided plenty of fodder for SNL False
Text your bank: Digit puts clear communication in your financial life False
Trump: Leaked transcripts of Mexico, Australia calls 'disgraceful'  via @JMfreespeech False
Child refugees are being recruited by ISIS to travel to Europe False
People are joking that the Patriots will win despite scoring less False
“You want to build a f—king wall?” True
Here's your Super Bowl cheat sheet True
Who did you just work for, again? True
.@oreillyfactor Presses @POTUS on Travel Ban, Views on Putin in #SuperBowl Interview False
The buffalo wings recipe you need to get ready for the Super Bowl False
Chris Christie defends Trump, who he says believes "America is morally superior to Russia" False
Watching football? You're a Nazi! True
Patriots or Falcons? 🤔

B/R experts break down #SB51 and make their #SuperBowl picks False
How Warren Buffett overcame his fear of public speaking: True
Michael Jackson is worth more than ever, and the IRS is startin' somethin' True
One of the most powerful women in finance on how investors can protect themselves True
The NFL's MVP wasn't the only award Falcons QB Matt Ryan walked away with last night. False
Michael Phelps makes political Super Bowl pick False
These are the most polluted cities in the world True
OMG! Snowstorm in the dry desert land of the #UAE and other parts of the Middle East! #Shocking True
9 cooking projects that will please a crowd — or just you True
90-year-old man writes tips to combat loneliness after losing his wife and sister True
Courts around the U.S. have halted aspects of Trump’s travel ban, but the Seattle ruling was the most far-reaching False
Never remember: City of Bowling Green laughs along at massacre that wasn't False
Art from countries affected by Pres. Trump's immigration order takes center stage at MoMA False
God bless TMZ for getting the most random of TV faces past &amp; present to weigh in on current events. False
'You don't belong here' - solicitor caught on film launching racist attack on woman and her young son True
This app connects refugees to volunteer translators via Facebook Messenger False
9 of the most popular jobs football players take after retiring from the @NFL False
Inside the hidden world of Indonesia's transgender women True
Are you paying too much for your tax prep? Check this chart False
Trump signs huge Wall Street giveaway False
&gt;Iran trying to use Twitter the same way Trump uses Twitter and the first post ends with "1/7" 😂 False
Aarhus, Denmark: what to see, plus the best restaurants, bars and hotels True
Mark Carney is remarkably sanguine on inflation False
Kenya herdsmen clash with police False
.@JulieBishopMP denies #US officials paused #Nauru asylum seeker interviews after deal confusion False
18 Wikipedia pages that’ll make you say “fuck, that’s interesting” True
Donald Trump’s pick for army secretary, Vincent Viola, withdraws False
How will Australia respond to Trump's public criticism of refugee deal? True
Fatal overdoses from fentanyl sold as cocaine detailed in harrowing CDC report. False
Analysis: #Abbott government's Indigenous Advancement Strategy shows how not to spend $5b taxpayers' dollars  #auspol False
Nicki Minaj calls out designer Giusepee Zanotti on Twitter False
WATCH LIVE: White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer holds daily press briefing False
Budweiser revived a famous '90s Super Bowl ad as a Snapchat game False
Watch Jimmy Fallon's "Tonight Show" pups predict the #SuperBowl winner  via @TODAYshow False
#AdiosStarbucks: Mexicans threaten to boycott American goods False
Donald Trump may repeal the laws many credit with stopping a new financial crisis True
This, according to the class XII #sociology textbook of the #Maharashtra state board True
How to use ‘now’ to get students to think about the future True
Teenager from Pakistan becomes internet sensation by filming himself popping his eyes out 👀 False
NYC medical students won't accept Obamacare repeal without a fight False
U.K.’s Brexit plan? Prepare for failure, hope for success True
Snapchat files for IPO as $SNAP — looks to raise $3 billion: False
Snap Inc. plans to raise $3 billion in IPO False
Don't miss a minute! #WDYM is streaming right here on @Twitter True
All the most shocking things about Scientology, according to Leah Remini's revealing show True
Thought crime: True
Scientists turned cooking oil into a material that's 200 times stronger than steel False
Police received an unusual complaint from a woman who claimed her drug dealer was ripping her off False
Studying in Aleppo: 'You get used to seeing blood on the floor' False
19 weird AF Tumblr questions that actually kinda make sense True
Trevor Noah is confused by the many flavors of Caucasian ➡️  by @dmoyeweirdnews False
Models unite to combat eating disorders in the fashion industry  via @YahooBeauty False
Commotion as Israeli security forces clear West Bank settlement   #FOXNewsWorld False
The most experienced coach at the Super Bowl won’t be worrying about his team’s passing game True
The Trump administration just put Iran 'on notice' but the nobody knows what that means False
Beyoncé's Coachella performance will be pretty interesting, according to Twitter False
Trump travels to Dover Air Force Base to honor Navy SEAL killed in Yemen False
The internet is transforming Trump's executive orders into hilarious memes — @trumpdraws False
Zimbabwean pastor who led anti-Mugabe protests arrested in Harare False
Beyoncé just announced she’s pregnant with twins False
Chris Christie says the rollout of Trump's travel ban was "terrible" False
Lady Gaga will star in Tiffany &amp; Co.'s first #SuperBowl ad False
Trump's closest advisor thinks there will be a war with China in a few years True
Conservatives hail Trump's Supreme Court pick  via @SChamberlainFOX False
Jerry Falwell Jr. asked to lead Trump education task force False
"I thought this country, one of its values was that they don't care what religion you have or where you're from" False
In opposing Trump’s education pick, Kaine cites Virginia’s ugly history on school segregation False
How Neil Gorsuch became Donald Trump's Supreme Court nominee True
Who is Dana Boente, the new acting attorney general? False
5 successful people who don't read books True
Lots to unpack here. True
WATCH LIVE: Refugee agencies hold conference on travel ban False
Radio 2 invites Brian Matthew to record a 'goodbye' Sounds of the 60s for his avid listeners False
Dana White says Ronda Rousey's UFC career is "probably done" False
Here's how you can master the #selfie game! True
Already! True
In accidental 'reply all' to reporter, Rep. Chris Collins thanks pharmaceutical CEO for defending HHS nominee False
Tell us how you *really* feel about Charles Barkley, LeBron 😳😳😳 False
Andrew Wiggins dropped the hammer on Nikola Vucevic 👀

🎥 False
Facebook will announce its fourth-quarter earnings this week — here’s what to expect True
New Pokemon games and weaker yen help Nintendo's profit to beat estimates False
Jennifer Lawrence prays for "sanity and compassion to return to the White House" False
Maureen Dowd: "Donald Trump already seems drunk with power"  via @nytopinion False
High-end survival True
Quebec suspect faces murder charges True
Connecticut Democrats are taking aim at its hedge fund industry with a proposed tax increase False
Dialing up the past: How did the early internet affect the media? from @AmitRathore False
What to do when you're so overwhelmed by the Trump presidency you can barely move True
FYI, Chrissy Teigen is really fucking great on Snapchat False
Analysis: Why the Women’s March may be the start of a serious social movement False
President Trump defends controversial immigration order amid protests and uncertainty False
Here come personal income and spending... True
The Indian dwarf family where nine out of 11 relatives all suffer the same genetic condition False
Former secretary of Nazi propagandist Joseph Goebbels dies at 106 False
Trump, Bannon call media the 'opposition party': Does that go too far?  via @HowardKurtz @MediaBuzzFNC False
Good guy @JustinTrudeau had welcomed #refugees to #Canada False
The judicial branch told President Trump that he had moved too fast in signing his immigration order False
At least six people have died in a shooting at a mosque in Quebec City, police say False
Study: Some counties in the U.S. experience cancer death rates 20x higher than average False
Trump says priority is to 'protect and serve' US amid bipartisan pushback over extreme vetting  via @foxnewspolitics False
Internet points out irony of Trump screening 'Finding Dory' during #MuslimBan False
Playing with dolls just ONCE can make girls think they need to be thin False
This is what REALLY happens when you don't brush your teeth 😷 True
Senate Democrats vow legislation to block Trump’s travel ban False
Here are some of the most powerful images from airport protests across the US False
A mercy plea in this priest's murder case came from a very unlikely source False
All the #Bollywood news right here True
You can apply to look after 37,000 puffins, baby seals on a remote English island False
ACLU's Lee Gelernt: "President could not override the court" False
'Counter-Strike' semifinals highlights: Near misses, killing sprees and chaos True
Pres. Trump considering executive actions on a lobbying ban, plans to defeat ISIS False
An Iraqi who helped the US military is among the first to be turned away under Trump’s ban False
Is Trump's refugee ban legal? MSNBC's Ari Melber explains False
Baylor graduate claims school paid for another student's tuition to remain quiet about rape. False
Wild hamsters in France are being forced to eat their own babies False
This 13-year-old entrepreneur is changing the face of business in Detroit: False
2 startups are combining to fix a problem with Wall Street stock research True
Emmanuelle Riva, the Oscar-nominated French actress, dies aged 89 False
Alys Fowler: how to give your seedlings the best start in life True
Female Dutch doctor drugged a patient's coffee then asked her family to hold her down as she fought not to be killed True
There's a “right way” to fall — and it can save you a lot of grief if you know how to do it True
Police pug excels at cuteness, not at catching criminals False
Starbucks still has some advantages... but they make take a while to percolate  via @Bfly False
.@POTUS says he'll give Christian refugees priority to enter the U.S. False
Republicans trying to replace Obamacare still don't have any idea what they're in for False
Trump and Putin to speak on Saturday False
The U.S. dollar is haunted by a concern straight out of the Bill Clinton era False
Conan O'Brien outsources his show to Mexico for a special episode ➡️ by @lee_moran False
Apple wants to start making iPhones in India False
Beijing city officials told no Lunar New Year fireworks to crack down on smog False
Expert reveals the 5 best recipes to keep you slim and full of energy – and stop you getting 'hangry' True
The woman #alleged that she made several trips to #India following the promise of #marriage False
“I always liked my name, until Amazon gave it to a robot.” True
Drake to host, produce first-ever NBA Awards show this June False
Student forced to urinate in bucket awarded $1.6 million payout in California court False
Cool. True
Labour is split by Brexit and divorced from its own voters #TelegraphView False
Which cities have the worst air pollution levels in the world? True
This couple is worried they will have to delay their wedding due to Trump’s immigration ban False
The 'Going Clear' director is making a documentary about ousted Fox News boss Roger Ailes False
6 stunning pre-fab homes across North America False
'Supernatural' boss says a lot has changed while Sam and Dean have been in prison False
Young immigrants on edge waiting to see if Trump will deport them False
Are baby carrots as nutritious as other carrots? True
Why so many Americans don't "believe" in evolution, climate change and vaccines True
Trump Hotels will triple locations in U.S. expansion, CEO says False
For Dow 20000, Goldman Sachs drove the index to the five-yard line. IBM and Boeing got it over the goal line False
Kiesza discusses "immense tragedy" preceding second album: "I had to let myself heal" False
Education Department report finds billions spent under Obama had no impact on achievement - via @brookefoxnews False
With @worldstar Hip Hop, Q gave the people what they wanted. 🙌🏾 False
New spacesuit by Boeing: First look at the spacesuit that will take astronauts to International Space Station False
21 savage Kourtney Kardashian burns we still haven’t recovered from True
'The Last Jedi' director shares an exciting peek of the opening crawl False
Here’s what executives are saying to shareholders about American jobs True
Former President Obama granted more commutations than any other president in U.S. history False
Will UN's sudden tweak to whistleblower policy fend off defunding?   via @GeorgeRussell True
Liberals who fear a rollback of civil rights are looking to city halls for a firewall False
SENATOR SCHUMER: Trump should label China a 'currency manipulator' False
Seafood eaters ingest up to 11,000 tiny pieces of plastic every year, study shows False
NHS hands over patient records to Home Office for immigration crackdown False
Missing woman's relatives find missing man's body in Missouri | False
Poland says it’s attracting people from Britain for jobs False
Trevor Noah likes seeing Kellyanne Conway "taste the bulls**t in her mouth" False
.@RoseCousins premieres bluesy, dark "Chains" from new album "Natural Conclusion" False
Six killed as helicopter crashes in central Italy close to avalanche site False
A woman hasn't been nominated for a Best Directing Oscar in eight years now False
The London Metal Exchange’s new chief is one of the youngest in the industry False
If you think you're losing your memory, you might be right True
The 2017 #OscarNoms are here. Tune in now to see who made the cut: True
You're more likely to catch the flu after a cold snap, a new study shows False
UK government loses Brexit case, must consult parliament: False
Women's cricket 'has come a long way', says Belinda Clark award winner @meglanning7 False
Hundreds of flights have been grounded by bad weather False
Analysis: Trump kills TPP, giving China its first big win False
Watchdog group’s Trump suit hinges on risky legal argument True
10 Horror Movie Questions That’ll Stump Even The Biggest Fanatics True
Bryshere Gray, Woody McClain &amp; Algee Smith on working with legends for #NewEditionBET False
Tillerson approved by Senate panel as secretary of state False
Dalai Lama hopes Trump and Putin will work together on global peace False
Jhené Aiko talks past marriage, Big Sean &amp; being a nymphomaniac on "The Breakfast Club" False
16 foods who are feeling a little lost right now True
#Jadeja and #Ashwin combined for 7 #wickets in the 3 #ODIs with the #offspinner going #wicketless in two matches False
McDonald's can't keep up with its all-day-breakfast launch False
Pressure is off the Trump team as Russia takes the lead in Syria negotiations, writes @NicRobertsonCNN False
Donald Trump's inauguration cake looks very similar to Barack Obama's False
Trump on #WomensMarch protesters: ‘Why didn’t these people vote?’  via @YahooNews False
Interactive map shows which areas would be affected if a nuclear bomb was dropped False
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May to visit President Trump in Washington on Friday False
Mona Lisa's reply to @karanjohar making fun of her marriage @BiggBoss @BeingSalmanKhan True
Crowd scientists say Women’s March in Washington had 3 times as many people as Donald Trump’s inauguration False
Watch Aziz Ansari's scorching take on the 'lowercase kkk' during SNL monologue False
India Jallikattu bullfighting events resume in Tamil Nadu False
Good Morning America had an incredibly offensive way of introducing Hillary Clinton True
#Shocking Student rips out another student's heart! True
Death of man believed to have drowned off Ceduna, #SouthAustralia, treated as death in custody False
Seeing e-cigarettes may increase your desire to smoke True
Trump: Protesters and supporters on their messages to each other False
Donald Trump brings gold curtains, Winston Churchill bust into the Oval Office False
British Prime Minister Theresa May to visit Pres. Trump this coming week: False
Most Americans lack savings to cover emergencies True
San Francisco has the lowest percentage of children of any of the largest 100 cities in the U.S., alarming some False
Why Filipino food is the next big thing. Again False
We’re live from Women’s Marches around the U.S. Have questions? Ask our reporters here.  #WomensMarch False
WATCH LIVE: Continuing coverage on the #WomensMarch in Washington — and around the country False
Four more 'miracle' survivors are pulled from Italian hotel buried in an avalanche False
Why people are attending the Women's March on Washington, in their own words False
Genital herpes vaccine shows promise in animal trials False
Larry Summers: CEOs used to bash Trump. Now they’re enabling his reckless policies. False
Les Enfants Terribles: Cocteau's scandalous siblings dance on the edge False
Here's a (much) closer look at President Donald Trump's #inauguration False
#ICYMI: Top #news stories from the day thaat was True
A rare glimpse into the shadowy world of the global cyber weapons industry False
Donald Trump delivered the most 'American' inauguration speech ever False
Love Trump? Hate him? @ritholtz says that's no way to invest  via @BV False
"Schumer has presided over a previous inaugural, so he knew he would have an opportunity to make a strong statement" False
Confessions of a weather-beaten helicopter mom True
The Government has announced the creation of 200,000 new apprenticeships by 2020 False
Going to the Women's March? Here's what you need to know and bring False
Barack Obama has taken his last walk out of the Oval Office False
An EpiPen rival says it will offer its device for free — but it could cost insurers $4,500 False
The man with the half-metre penis True
Winter crisis deepens despite a drop in numbers attending A&amp;E units False
This is what 100 years of women’s protest looks like in the US False
BREAKING: Six people found alive inside Italy hotel buried by avalanche False
Trump suggests Lincoln Memorial inauguration concert is his idea, despite history False
The court asked the state police special investigation team to find the culprits to instill confidence in the public False
25 Rihanna memes that’ll make you say “me, I am Rihanna” True
.@AlejandroSanz to celebrate "Mas" album anniversary with special concert False
The best luxury pot accessories for a high class smoke True
Mnuchin says he’s willing to label China as a currency manipulator if warranted False
Injectable fillers leave woman blind in one eye with disfigured face: True
Secondary school league tables 2016: Grammar school children excel while comprehensives fall behind False
Here’s a schedule of inaugural festivities and a look ahead to the swearing-in, the parade and the protests False
The Mercedes-Benz E400 station wagon isn’t quite self-driving, but it might help save drivers from themselves False
Did Meek Mill take back the big ass ring he gave Nicki after they broke up? True
A roundup of top #entertainment news from the day False
Champagne, Prosecco, and... British Fizz? Why the new name for our bubbly is causing a stir True
Pakistani pop star Atif Aslam interrupts concert after seeing sexual harassment False
Kentucky is going to ban having sex with your cat True
The wait is over: Super Mario Run is coming to Android False
A roundup of top #entertainment news from the day False
Barack Obama warns Donald Trump of 'enormous consequences' to Middle East shift in final press conference False
What those pencil lead numbers mean — and why 'number 2' is the most popular False
CIA releases classified documents on psychic control plans False
Indian woman held for acid attack on ex-lover False
Insiders say Lyft could reach profitability before Uber False
Astronaut Gene Cernan didn't just go to the moon, he took us all with him: False
Three large earthquakes hit Italy in devastated Amatrice region (Pic: USGS) False
Infertile woman, 34, gives birth after controversial 'three-parent baby' IVF treatment False
People who have lived in D.C. for decades are used to change. Even they say the Trump transition feels different. False
Obama administration sending $500 million to global climate change fund False
Ricky Rubio is reportedly being "actively" shopped by the Timberwolves False
Former CIA rendition agent issues plea to Donald Trump as she faces jail in Italy False
Movers have been spotted loading the Obamas' belongings into their new post-White House digs False
Morgan Stanley cuts Apple estimates and predicts an iPhone 7 sales slump for 2017 False
The CEO of Boeing just met with Trump and said they had a 'very productive' conversation False
Literally just 19 photos of Dev Patel and Sunny Pawar being adorable True
The MLA who had initially denied #allegations was however charged with #animalcruelty False
La La Land dances quite a tune to easily claim UK box office crown False
Japan's largest brewery is considering more overseas deals False
John Lewis to skip inauguration for second time in congressional career False
7 practical ways to eat healthier this week True
White nationalists are already having a falling out with Trump -- and each other False
Happy Martin Luther King, Jr. Day: "The time is always right to do what is right."  #MLKDAY False
Multiple Oregon football players hospitalized following intense workouts False
A clever browser extension helps you find new library books — on Amazon True
Philippines government bans Pornhub just weeks after country is ranked world's biggest consumer of its sex films False
Britain's oldest Olympian: Hitler stopped me getting a medal so I bombed him True
Oh my. True
.@seanspicer: #DonaldTrump will meet today with Martin Luther King III False
This viral photo of lemons could save your life True
Chinese state-run media: China will 'take off the gloves' if Trump continues to provoke Beijing over Taiwan False
Former football coach Barry Bennell pleads not guilty to eight child sex offences False
Virtual reality is helping the TSA prepare for Inauguration Day security False
PHOTOS: Martin Luther King Jr.'s life in pictures False
Poll: Americans think presidents Obama, Kennedy, Reagan gave best inaugural addresses. False
14 things you’ll find hilarious if you’re 14 years old True
Army, police probe mystery deaths of 11 Fort Hood soldiers since October  #FOXNewsUS False
14 successful CEOs and entrepreneurs share their best business advice True
While @yadavakhilesh and Mulayam Singh fight, youngest Yadav shows off his @Lamborghini False
CIA head John Brennan warns Trump to watch his tongue False
As the first female U.S. ambassador to Japan, Caroline Kennedy's role transcended the embassy False
Happy Birthday, @GraceVanderWaal! Rewatch the audition that shot her to stardom False
In the battle for global economic supremacy, is Davos any match for Donald Trump? False
Muslim woman spat on while eating in a restaurant speaks out False
9 artists who reportedly turned down performing at Trump's inauguration True
Gambia president-elect Barrow 'to stay in Senegal until inauguration' False
#ICYMI: Pool fence warning after toddler scales and opens gate in 21 seconds False
People confess the reasons they regret getting married True
Trudeau throws some Grade-A shade at Trump True
NHL dream comes true for team equipment manager who always wanted to be a goalie False
YG says he'll perform FDT at Trump's inauguration, but only if you pay him $4 million: False
In speeches and interviews, Obama holds on to the spotlight for his last days False
Ruthless…

MMA fighter DQ'd after he refused to stop punching his opponent after he'd won 

🎥 False
Clap back season?

Grayson Allen grabs Louisville player's arm, gets smacked in face

🎥: False
Humans tend to rely too much on vision. In praise of all the senses False
US naval commander implies Chinese navy ships can't 'fight their way out of a wet paper bag' False
The best photos of US military life in 2016 False
Bizarre moment snake 'thief' stuffs python down his trousers at pet shop True
Quote of the day:  #30Under30 False
Nutella maker fights back against cancer-causing claims False
U.K. Brexit committee adds to pressure on May False
What I’m really thinking: the professor’s wife True
20 seconds 😳

MMA fighter levels opponent with brutal overhand right KO

🎥: False
"Nicotine": An honest account of the emotional complexity of quitting True
A new PSA produced by Katy Perry warns against a Muslim registry False
There’s a surprise at the end of the first episode of "A Series Of Unfortunate Events” True
OMG Canada has Oreo Creme Eggs False
Renault becomes latest victim of fallout from Volkswagen's diesel scandal False
.@MeghanMcCain: A Lot of Media Coverage of Obama Was 'Borderline Propaganda' False
Why the "gluten-free movement" is less of a fad than we thought False
#MovieReview: #OKJaanu stands out for its simple, matter-of-fact treatment of a slice of life love story False
CVS boosts access to EpiPen rival that's 83 percent less False
Bush twins offer advice for Sasha, Malia Obama False
Polar bear cub gives a wave to the cameras at German zoo 😍 False
Ten things about Afcon hosts Gabon False
Shimla, Kasauli, Chail, Kufri, Narkanda, Manali and Dalhousie may experience more #snow, still False
Marijuana eases pain, but jury's out on other health benefits say scientists True
A foodie’s stinky-tofu tutorial in Taiwan False
A raptor strikes at sunset False
Tech giants are betting big on the connected car market, led by Samsung and Qualcomm: False
.@SarahPalinUSA applauds President-elect @realDonaldTrump for being a "fearless leader." False
Hilarious tattoo fails show how things go badly wrong when the inker can't spell True
Watch members of Turkey's parliament brawl during a debate over constitutional changes False
Morocco 'bans sale and production' of the burka False
EIGHT life-saving hearts wasted because India doesn't have enough trained doctors False
Meet the robonauts: NASA's humanoid robots True
#RohitSharma says @msdhoni's decision to make him open the batting in 50-over format was a "career-changing move" False
President Obama puts Chelsea Manning on "short list" for commutation of sentence False
Here are all the Trump Cabinet confirmation hearings scheduled for today: False
Trump has repeatedly lashed out at the intelligence community. Now he gets to install a team of his own. False
3 maned wolf pups -- two females and one male -- born at Little Rock Zoo in Arkansas. False
Former U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon returns to South Korea in an uphill effort to succeed the nation’s impeached president False
Man given prison term for having sex with his girlfriend without a condom in Switzerland False
The 10 most dangerous cities for pedestrians False
NBA details Chinese New Year celebrations by unveiling jerseys, announcing Yao Ming jersey retirement ceremony: False
Trump's proposed commission on vaccine safety alarms doctors False
How can we miss a president who won’t go away? writes @benedettopress for @WSJOpinion True
It sure looks like Selena Gomez and The Weeknd are an item False
Ed Sheeran confirms #CarpoolKaraoke episode &amp; plans NSFW Notorious B.I.G. cover False
Men who eat lots of red meat at risk for painful gut disorder False
Man given prison term  in Switzerland for having sex with girlfriend without a condom False
A major 'Breaking Bad' character might show up in Season 3 of 'Better Call Saul' False
#Sanya celebrated #Fatima's birthday with an epic #Dangal cake and the pictures are adorable! True
Former Sen. Alfonse D'Amato was kicked off a JetBlue flight on Monday False
Are you attending the Women’s March on Washington? We'd like to hear from you. False
"An unexpectedly beautiful view of fatherhood, from the bathroom floor" True
Watch Obama's devastating farewell speech in full False
Star Wars' creator George Lucas to site new museum in Los Angeles False
Russian serial killer and sex maniac known as The Werewolf charged with 25 new murders False
Watch President Obama's farewell address here False
61 businesses Trump has targeted on Twitter  via @YahooFinance True
Someone created a meme coloring book and it’s everything we never knew we needed True
Le'Veon Bell is doing things the NFL hasn't seen before. And he knows it False
Trump picks for attorney general, DHS kick off week of confirmation hearings False
Hong Kong stocks advance to a one-month high buoyed by mainland buying False
Parliamentary entitlements system to change after @sussanley apartment controversy, @KellyODwyer says  #auspol False
Tom Hiddleston apologizes for #GoldenGlobes speech False
Are You The Good Sister Or The Bad Sister? True
Seems to be a running theme here with the social justice crowd... True
How did alleged Fort Lauderdale airport shooter get his gun back from Anchorage police? True
The FDA has confirmed that St. Jude Medical's implantable cardiac devices can be hacked False
#ICYMI: #EastTimor tears up oil and gas treaty with #Australia after Hague dispute False
Man's NSFW 'complaint' about donuts escalates spectacularly on Twitter False
No chill. True
Best photos of the day: a Tokyo ride and a Vatican portrait True
Trump goes after 'over-rated' Meryl Streep following blistering Golden Globes speech False
"One of the most scary things I’ve ever seen": Hero who saved skier on lift considers fate True
The moment Emma Stone 'surgically eviscerated' Ryan Seacrest over his red carpet question True
On the day of the Tube strike, remembering when Sadiq Khan promised there would be no strikes if he became mayor False
Does anyone think this ham looks kind of blurry? True
Fisher-Price releases high-tech bike for toddlers False
Reports: Top Dems Urging @HillaryClinton to Run for New York City Mayor False
Former Iranian President Rafsanjani dies at 82 False
21 "Law And Order" Tumblr posts that are fucking funny because they’re true True
Inventory of Prince's estate lists cash, property and gold bars True
Singer-songwriter Peter Sarstedt dies aged 75 False
Diego Luna found his son spilling "Rogue One" secrets to impress girls False
Senior Republicans warn Trump of divide unless he’s tougher on Russia False
#QueenElizabeth II attends church after missing services two weeks in a row False
Dubai stocks gain the most in the Gulf as insurers and Emaar surge False
Brave Yazidi teenager was kidnapped by jihadis and sold into sexual slavery False
Tight security fails to stop party as Fabric reopens False
5 of the coolest health-tech gadgets we saw at CES 2017 #MasCES False
Mardi Gras season kicks off in New Orleans False
Snowstorms cause pileups in several East Coast states False
How the Fort Lauderdale shooting suspect was able to get a gun past airport security — legally False
Someone altered a Tomi Lahren Facebook page to support Michelle Obama and people lost it True
Barack Obama to reflect on 'this amazing journey' in final speech - and offer some advice to Donald Trump False
#Seattle mayor seeking $250G to protect illegal immigrants from deportation | #FOXNewsUS False
Man fired after skipping work for son's birth is inundated with job offers False
Ft. Lauderdale airport shooting draws focus on rules for flying with a gun False
Keurig and Anheuser-Busch InBev (BUD) are teaming up to build an in-home booze brewer. False
Tiny brain and greasy hair found INSIDE ovary of 16-year-old girl True
What intelligence agencies concluded about the Russian attack on the U.S. election True
Why Carrie Fisher's ashes were carried in Prozac-shaped urn True
Will you stick to your New Year fitness regime? #Premium True
The secret to finding your ideal hotel True
How live video is changing the way we witness crime: False
35 things that were cool in 2007, but definitely aren’t in 2017 True
High-tech doorbell features secret 'Seinfeld' ring for the Kramers in your life False
Sales and rentals of movies for home viewing continue slide False
9 people pose nude to show what body diversity really looks like True
Moanas in real life: Samoan man teaches his daughters traditional Pacific voyaging skills False
17 artists to watch this year False
FBI: Working closely with Broward Sheriff's Office on investigation. #FortLauderdale False
NASA sends first black astronaut to board the International Space Station False
Kim Kardashian chokes back tears while describing the Paris robbery False
Just how creepy will "Nashville" get with this new stalker story line? True
James Comey, director of the FBI, to brief Donald Trump on Russian hacking later False
#Russia begins drawdown of forces in #Syria, military says False
Kate Hudson and Jennifer Law have crush on same older actor True
How second-hand smoke will affect your baby BEFORE you get pregnant True
.@billboarddance chart upstarts: Kris Kross Amsterdam, Rain Man &amp; a remixed Summer/Streisand classic False
This portable smart scooter might be better than your car True
#ICYMI: How a young man's suicide is transforming a rural community  (Pic: Pauline Carrigan) True
New hands-free breast pump lets moms pump on the go False
Rowan Blanchard and Sabrina Carpenter share heartfelt goodbyes to "Girl Meets World” False
Hold my beer. True
ESPN announces new role for broadcaster Chris Berman moving forward False
#OnThisDay: The Nazi Party is founded by Anton Drexler (while Adolf Hitler is sent to spy on it) #premium False
Fox News taps Tucker Carlson to replace Megyn Kelly False
Man of the people... well, people who have lots of money and fame. True
Police shoot 2 attackers dead after car bomb explodes in Turkish city of Izmir False
Motivational Speaker #MCAbbas describes the mayhem he witnessed on New Year's eve in #Bengaluru False
One of the lesser known legacies of President Obama is his record as a conservationist False
Captain cool True
Is UN peacekeeping working in Africa? False
Pet tigers, cheetahs, lions banned in United Arab Emirates under new laws False
In pictures False
Theresa May is set to give a significant Brexit speech to counter claims she has no plan for leaving the EU False
A border guard and an Iraqi refugee have married after falling in love at a migrant camp False
Can You Recognize These Foods In Foreign Languages? True
At least for now, the short bursts of radio waves don’t appear to be communications from an alien civilization True
WATCH LIVE: VP-elect Mike Pence speaks after attending a policy luncheon False
#ICYMI: Top #entertainment stories from the day False
He dabbed in front of Paul Ryan. Now he's grounded. True
Samsung has already bounced back from the pain caused by the exploding Galaxy Note 7 False
Anti-surveillance clothing aims to hide wearers from facial recognition False
At his final swearing-in ceremony as VP, Biden was peak Biden  via @YahooNews False
How to become a "Superager"  via @NYTOpinion True
It's not over. True
Nancy Pelosi: We cannot allow our democracy "to be subverted by the dark operations of a foreign regime" False
Opinion: "The New Celebrity Apprentice" is missing something — and it isn’t just Trump True
The #pilot fainted in the cockpit after being completely #intoxicated True
.@mrsfunnybones took to Twitter to announce her first film as a #producer and the film fraternity was all praises False
Twitter's controversial head of China leaves after eight months False
Dude ranch owner asked chef to make 'black people food' for tourists, lawsuit claims False
Trump to name Lighthizer as trade representative, tap Pence adviser for West Wing False
"Lucky" Texas state rep. survives stray bullet to head on New Year's False
Road crash in #Thailand kills 25 people on highway False
#Finland pays unemployed citizens a basic monthly income in Europe-first trial  #basicincome #KELA False
What impact are your social media posts having on your kids True
Dozens of the nation’s top scientists wrote to Donald Trump to urge him not to dismantle the Iran deal False
What Donald Trump has said about emails and hacking: False
Pentatonix's (@PTXofficial) "Christmas" album spends a second week at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 False
Syrian refugee 'who asked ISIS for £150,000 to turn cars into suicide bombs in Germany’ False
What sneakers can tell you about how financial markets work True
This man helped build the Trump meme army — now he wants to reform it True
Sherlock fans are really not happy about that shock season 4 twist False
Spicer hints Obama's Russian sanctions 'politically motivated' False
China’s vow to shut down its ivory trade by the end of 2017 is a "game changer" for elephants False
Yes, Donald Trump can increase U.S. oil production False
Trump and Brexit left progressives aghast. They should be emboldened | Jeff Sparrow False
10 artists to watch in 2017  via @YahooMusic True
Protestors unfurl banner message for U.S. Bank at Vikings game False
Istanbul attack: Video shows gunman approaching nightclub False
11 great movies from 2016 that you can stream on Netflix (and 1 on Hulu) True
More adults now have access to legal pot, but fewer teens are smoking it False
Why U.S. babies are more social than other kids False
WATCH: Mariah Carey rings in 2017 with painful lip sync fail on live TV False
84 respect 84

Cordarrelle Patterson got Mossed…literally False
How the ‘perfect body’ for men has changed over the last 150 years. True
Well, well, well... True
Mariah Carey claps back after her disastrous New Year's Eve performance. False
Gunman opens fire on an Istanbul mosque False
The top 10 universities around the world in each of eight different areas of study True
Gwyneth Paltrow’s wellness philosophy, in 10 Quotes True
WATCH LIVE: Happy New Year! The ball drops in Times Square False
20 breakout movie stars of 2016 True
In 2016, streaming let artists like Beyoncé, Kanye West, Frank Ocean and Bon Iver make arty, idiosyncratic albums False
The Rich Kids of Instagram are seeing out 2016 in style 🤑 False
“It has been the privilege of my life to serve as your president…Have a happy and blessed 2017.” - @POTUS False
16 men who dominated makeup in 2016 True
Massive sand trucks have been added to NYC's New Year's Eve security plans False
Azaria #Chamberlain: Newly released NT Cabinet documents detail decision to review #convictions False
Quote of the day: False
French win 'right to disconnect' from out-of-hours work emails False
This used to be one of the best jobs in engineering. Not any more True
New York subway station features gay couple in groundbreaking mural False
This pilot took to the sky to write a New Year's message False
Greta Gerwig talks connecting with early female punk rock for '20th Century Women' False
It's official: Russian hackers tampered with the election. Here's what we do (and don't) know about all of it: True
The hilarious reason Daniel Radcliffe was cast as Harry Potter True
A Champagne bubble's journey, from the grapevine to your glass True
The curious cases and unsolved #mysteries that perplexed us in #2016 True
A behaviourist's guide to New Year's resolutions  #NYE True
New year's resolutions: How to lose the fat and get fit for free #HappyNewYear True
Quote of the day: False
Plans to expand the powers of Turkey's Erdogan have passed the first hurdle False
So. Much. Winning. Already! True
Nigeria rice 'contaminated, not plastic' - NAFDAC False
The Kenyan girls celebrating non-FGM rite False
Dear world, I wasn't all bad. Signed, 2016 False
deadmau5 files trademark petition to protect his cat Meowingtons' brand False
Swaddle therapy True
&gt;Be Russia
&gt;Infiltrate DNC for 7 months
&gt;Don't turn over DNC chair's email archive to @Wikileaks
Seems legit! False
#Cambodian police officer accused of faking being hit by politician's car False
Russia responds to US sanctions: If the US takes hostile steps, 'it will receive an answer' False
.@heyamine approaches the top 10 on the #Hot100 with "Caroline" False
Giant sinkhole forces 22 families out of homes near Detroit False
8-year-old boy fatally shot while walking home from birthday party, police say False
Need some inspiration today?

From poverty to Rhodes Scholar, the amazing journey of @TCUFootball's Caylin Moore: False
These tips will keep you in the holiday spirit, even if your flight is delayed False
Manhattan’s luxury co-ops are falling out of favor as new condos beckon False
Police: 2 Afghan migrants killed, 10 injured in car crash in Serbia False
Romania is one country where populists aren't making inroads False
What do French presidential contenders François Fillon and Marine Le Pen have in common? False
Inside the illegal steel factories operating across China False
19 random acts of kindness from 2016 that will warm your heart True
A Trump ally apologizes for racist remarks about the Obamas: "I certainly am not a racist" False
How women reclaimed their place in fashion’s spotlight in 2016 True
Mark Cuban explains Twitter experiment: 'Just knew it would drive people crazy' True
Drake and Jennifer Lopez post matching pics on Instagram and people are freaking out False
Israel grapples with military’s plan to open combat roles to women False
ADPVoice: How to find the best tool for measuring your employees' productivity True
New year, old debt? How to cut those credit balances and get ahead of higher rates True
Yikes.😬

Texas Uber driver says Mack Brown ‘couldn't coach' as Brown sits in back seat False
Ricky Harris of "Everybody Hates Chris" dies at 54 False
In the past, he has even offered to sponsor the education of the children of 18 martyrs True
US says claim it supported IS in Syria is 'ludicrous' False
Carrie Fisher gave the finger like no one else. &lt;3 False
Cop whose house burned down gets Christmas surprise from Randy Travis. True
"Our princess has passed away."
Co-stars and famous fans mourn the loss of Carrie Fisher False
Uh huh. True
Meet the company that built a viral empire delivering us videos like Pizza Rat False
How states are trying to lure those who didn't finish college into finishing their degrees True
Old notes of #Rs500andRs1000 will fetch you Rs 550 and Rs 1,100 here False
Hacked again, Sony tweets false news of Britney Spears' death: False
Tastemakers from the Forbes #30Under30 picked their favorite gifts for the holiday season True
[Tap tap tap] No, YOU'RE in a bubble! True
Strategists say the dollar is a buy in the 2017 as "Trumponomics" should boost growth False
Chapecoense plane crash: Colombia blames human error False
Using George Michael's death to spin '2016 is the worst year ever' narratives is cheap and crass #Premium False
Police search for inmates who reportedly escaped through hole behind toilet False
Here's where snow and ice may mess up your travel plans True
'Pain in my soul': Russia mourns plane victims False
George Michael's top ten greatest hits of all time False
Algeria’s Sonatrach plans to increase output of gas and oil by 20% in the next 4 years False
Wicked winter weather plagues Great Plains False
George Michael, British singer and songwriter, dies at 53 False
Venezuelan women’s response to the country’s economic crisis: Get sterilized False
Mavis Staples, on her Kennedy Center Honor: "I was almost crying again. I’ve just been so happy." False
Cellphone app leads woman to body of her missing husband False
A funny thing happened when @mims banned tablets in his house on weekdays True
Of course AP gives a shoutout to Palestinians celebrating a *cough* "diplomatic victory." False
Singer George Michael dies at 53 False
PHOTOS: Santa Claus all over the world True
The 26 clichés of a middle-class Christmas True
MoD has made 44 allegations of corruption in defence contracts since 2011 False
Singer escapes death on Russian military plane after being turned away from flight because his passport had expired False
Here's how President-elect @realDonaldTrump is spending his Christmas True
Can You Guess The Christmas Movie From Its Font? True
Man dies during Christmas swim at the beach while two swimmers rescued from rip  #perthnews False
Gut bacteria might be the secret to treating autoimmune disease False
Oklahoma’s Joe Mixon apologizes, takes "full responsibility" for hitting woman in 2014 False
#BREAKING: Russian defence force #plane goes missing from the radar, local media reports False
A hearing test may be able to identify a concussion False
Is 2016 the best year for animation ever? True
How ‘A Christmas Story’ would look as an old 8-bit video game False
Thousands of women told us why they kept or changed their last names when they married False
This man insisted his Christmas lights were festive. Police thought they said 'b---end' True
What are the most popular NFL franchises in states that don't have a team? False
Queen's granddaughter Zara Tindall suffers miscarriage  via @TODAYshow False
Businesses near Trump Tower say the extra security is stealing their Christmas False
Details emerge of Berlin truck attack suspect's journey to Italy False
A.J. Green is likely done for the season after he was pulled from a meeting and told he would not play Saturday. False
RAY DALIO ON TRUMP: 'If you haven’t read Ayn Rand lately, I suggest that you do' False
Pentatonix get into the Christmas spirit in "O Come, All Ye Faithful" video False
The best Christmas songs to dance to True
Competition. True
Why we lose our memories when we age - and what you can do to stop it True
How India's demonetization is affecting Bitcoin startups: False
It's Christmas so of course Norway has made a record-breaking pooping marzipan pig False
South Koreans to march against president on Christmas Eve False
Father confesses to killing infant son and leaving his body in woods, authorities say: False
"The Donald is recognizing the utter bankruptcy of Obama’s plan to rid the world of nukes, starting with ours." False
Bethlehem icons created by artists False
Referral hiring is great for employees and employers, but not for diversity False
Here are some practical ways you can help the people of Aleppo right now True
Kris Jenner's Christmas decorations sure are krazy False
Italian researchers may have discovered the oldest nativity scene ever found: False
29 of the most powerful pieces of writing by women in 2016 True
WATCH LIVE: Russian President Vladimir Putin giving his annual news conference, in Moscow False
🚨 NEW MUSIC 🚨

Listen to @BigSean's new single "Moves": False
Your guide to #drinking #responsibly during the silly season True
California Democrats are ready to fight Trump's immigration plans False
23 actually hilarious jokes about lying True
2 of the U.S. economy’s main engines are moving in different directions in the final quarter False
24 mind-blowing facts about Warren Buffett and his $70 billion fortune True
Hear Metallica's Lars Ulrich read "The Dinosaur That Pooped Christmas" False
The Trump Winery in Virginia is working to add more foreign workers to its staff. False
Senate Democrats press Wells Fargo board for answers on sales practices False
These are the victims of the Berlin truck attack False
Member of Congregation Arrested for 'Vote Trump' Arson at Black MS Church False
Ups and downs in the world of clowns  #BBCGoFigure False
Police raid flats in search for Berlin truck attack suspect Anis Amri False
You're an adult, but your brain might not be, experts say False
Police: Boy shot by school officer cut classmate, "pursued" him False
How Apple can get back in the game in 2017 True
North Pole temperatures expected to soar 50° above normal as Christmas nears. False
Exodus of Twitter executives puts pressure on @Jack Dorsey False
All three domestic car companies have scheduled down time at some of their factories for as much as three weeks True
Proposed NYC teacher evaluation plan judges more on students’ classroom work and hands-on projects False
Opinion: Bill O’Reilly becomes spokesman for white America False
For instance, low-potency #antibiotic drugs were found to be diluted with #paracetamol.
#ThisIsIT True
J.R. Smith needs surgery on his thumb, according to sources.

He could be out 4-6 weeks: False
The internet has decided these two “Rogue One” characters are a couple False
'It just didn't work out': Rudy Giuliani denies Trump forgot about him while picking cabinet False
Cheeky chimp flips the finger at a tourist who took his picture in the forest False
Delays hinder Aleppo evacuations; Remaining civilians and rebels await arrival of UN observers False
Why "baby brain" might make you a better mom  via @TODAYshow True
Rainbow coffees are mesmerizing! False
Watch: Police officer ties tie for speeding student False
Cavs reportedly fear that J.R. Smith has broken thumb False
Start your day with some #entertainment news! True
DeMarcus Cousins apologized for his "inexcusable" actions after threatening a reporter. False
Offer of access to Trump at fundraiser is pulled back, but family ties remain False
"So you want to preserve the liberal international order …"  via @PostEverything False
Katy Perry hilariously trolls Orlando Bloom's Instagram with Jen Aniston joke True
#Driverless trucks threaten jobs in 'Trumpland' True
Arron Banks says Angela Merkel 'might as well have driven lorry' False
A tourist who witnessed the Berlin attack described what she saw False
Botox-maker Allergan just picked up a regenerative medicine company for $2.9 billion False
USWNT forward Alex Morgan to join Lyon in France until the end of the season False
Dick Van Dyke joins cast of Mary Poppins Returns False
Twenty One Pilots reimagine 5 songs with Mutemath for live video and free EP False
Delhi mascots to blow the whistle on public defecation False
Dr. Sebastian Gorka: 'The front line is when you leave your house in the morning' False
A third of Brits throw away Christmas turkey and sprouts False
GM will cut car production at several U.S. assembly plants in January to reduce swollen inventories False
St. Vincent's 'Guitar World' cover is a sly nod to the magazine's sexist history False
These parents threw a lit “divorce party” to make their split less awkward True
Bitter cold breaks records across U.S., creating dangers on highways and runways False
Browns fan creates GoFundMe page for 0-16 parade, far surpasses goal. False
Reports Berlin terror truck may have been HIJACKED False
5 Lightning headphones to stuff in the stockings of iPhone 7 owners True
US documentary about the KKK features member teaching his four-year-old son racist rhetoric False
Lost dog found stuck in frozen lake saved in a dramatic rescue False
BREAKING: Russian ambassador to Turkey shot in Ankara   #FOXNewsWorld False
Astronomers think they've discovered an 'Interstellar' black hole False
Women who drink two glasses of wine a night should be sent for liver scans by their GPs, according to new guidance False
What the seizure of an underwater drone means for future U.S.-China relations: True
SNL has mocked Donald Trump again; the President-Elect hasn't yet tweeted a review of Alec Baldwin's impersonation False
Clinton advisers point fingers at Huma Abedin, inner circle for loss False
#RogueOne has North America's 2nd-biggest December opening weekend ever False
Alan Thicke's Dr. Seaver helped liberate TV dads from the prison of always being right False
Camila Cabello leaves Fifth Harmony False
Remains of missing Ft. Bliss private found in Arizona coal chute False
Despondent Rosie O'Donnell: "I hate what has become of US" False
Watch the new video for @LifeOfDesiigner's "Outlet" presented by @champssports. False
Zsa Zsa Gabor, famous for being a celebrity, dies at 99 False
Gulp! True
This is what #Aleppo looked like before the war ... and what it looks like now False
Foreign tourist among nine killed in #Jordan castle shooting spree  (Pic: Reuters) False
Snoop Dogg and Bill Gates are crashing Reddit’s secret santa exchange. False
McCain, Schumer call for select committee to investigate Russia hacks False
Chapecoensebreaks down in tears as he reveals how a last-minute seat change saved his life True
16 pets who really aren’t feeling this whole Christmas thing True
Indonesia suffers its third serious air accident in less than a month, killing 13: False
Shawn Mendes has 44 announced 2017 tour dates &amp; his manager says to expect “30 to 40” more False
Homeless across country fall victim to synthetic marijuana False
This is why everyone has brown eyes, even if they appear blue True
Suicide bomber kills at least 30 soldiers in #Yemen's Aden: officials False
#ICYMI: Your dream job? Call for volunteer caretakers on remote Maatsuyker Island False
Viscount Rothermere: a media baron who keeps his distance False
Afghan boy who made a Lionel Messi jersey from a plastic bag meets his hero False
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg exclusive: "I find my own way"
#Premium False
Robin Hood tree wins coveted #TreeOfTheYear crown False
BREAKING NEWS: The Pentagon says China will return a U.S. Navy drone seized in international waters False
U.S. cities are using this crazy device that blocks drivers' vision True
State Department ups reward for ISIS leader to $25 million False
Girl, 7, walks into Syrian police station and blows herself up False
Larry Ellison's net worth fell $1.9 billion yesterday False
CarMax, others settle US actions over ads on used car safety False
Uber says it will keep self-driving cars in San Francisco False
Is Selena Gomez back in the studio? False
Afghan official says gunmen kill 6 Kandahar airport workers False
Caught on Camera: Car becomes tasty treat for bison False
Only A True Millennial Can Pass This Spelling Test True
Bad money True
Texas Police Department Waives Tickets, Asks for Toy Donations Instead False
Hillary Clinton said Putin’s “personal beef” against her contributed to election loss False
President Obama: Based on intelligence assessments, "the Russians were responsible for hacking the DNC" False
Your wearable-tracked health data is for sale, according to a new study True
.@TheLox return with first album in 16 years: "Filthy America… It's Beautiful" False
'Homeland' Season 6 trailer: Art imitating life? True
Michel Roux Jr, here’s a recipe for tipping | Deborah Orr True
Disney and MLB purchase 'League of Legends' streaming rights for $300 million False
The 3 longest flights in the world are not for the faint of heart True
Royal Navy is deployed to escort a Russian warship through the English Channel False
Steve Kerr gave fans the perfect way to remember Craig Sager False
Trump's pick for Treasury Secretary lists a defunct hedge fund as his main job: False
Brazil passes the mother of all austerity plans False
I can't believe it's Christmas next week False
Seth MacFarlane suggests why Trump can't handle criticism any more False
A 65-year-old woman sneaked in an axe in a metro train &amp; attacked another woman with it.
#ThisIsIT True
Chris Brown, Usher and Gucci Mane get the "Party" started False
The FBI is being sued over their role in Donald Trump's election victory False
Baby dressed as a lion meets the real king of the jungle and it's adorable True
Watch the moment when conjoined twins reunite after surgery True
Rainstorm lasting 100,000 YEARS melted glaciers covering our planet False
#Exclusive: UK ambassador's 'pessimistic' view over Brexit trade deal rubbished in EU negotiators' meeting #Premium False
What you should do if you were hit by the Yahoo hack False
Amazing timelapse captures Christmas supermoon over London skyline False
Dylann Roof guilty of S Carolina killings False
Megan Mullally regrets helping Trump with a 'landslide' win: 'I'm not giving him any points' False
This town's entire police force has quit True
Canadians warned about car-licking moose 😮 False
Kanye West and Donald Trump: 'The two most powerful American narcissists in the same room' False
Initial jobless claims fall to 254K (255K expected) False
Fighters attack medical convoy attempting to leave #Aleppo  (Pic: Reuters) False
Son of China's richest man doesn't want to inherit $122 billion empire False
Thousands to lose free dental care under cuts that will 'hurt the most vulnerable', experts say False
It may take 4 more months to get enough #currency to the banks.
#ThisIsIT True
CDC declares Brownsville, Texas a "yellow" Zika virus zone False
Trump's dismissals of climate change, naming climate skeptics to cabinet casts cloud of fear over climate scientists False
...said in their resignation letters that council members asked them to do “illegal, unethical, and immoral things” True
Missed signals and slow responses let Russia mount a hacking effort to influence the election. A NYT investigation. False
Trump's sons are actively involved in interviewing and vetting Cabinet candidates False
Loneliness at Christmas: how are you tackling it? If you work for a charity, share your experience with us False
Introducing our first-ever tally of America's wealthiest celebrities: True
Missed signals and slow responses let Russia mount a hacking effort to influence the election. A NYT investigation. False
Alan Thicke, TV dad on "Growing Pains," dies at 69 False
#ICYMI: How to bluff your way through the new #StarWars: Rogue One movie True
Ed Sheeran has broken his social media silence and OMG is 2016 saved? True
Frito-Lay drops Doritos Super Bowl TV advertisements for 2017. True
Photos: The Scooter From The Who’s ‘Quadrophenia’ True
For reasons that are not entirely clear, Kanye West just showed up at Trump Tower. False
Anti-feminist Tory MP Philip Davies elected to Parliament's women and equalities committee False
Caught on camera: Driver hits El Paso police officer with his car   via @RayBogan #FOXNewsUS False
LeBron James working to help produce HBO documentary on Muhammad Ali's life False
Terminally-ill 5-year-old boy dies in Santa's arms after he grants him one last wish False
First footage released showing Putin's troops engaging on the ground in Syria False
Strapped student blows $1.5 million from bank glitch on cars and cocaine False
"Shares of Lockheed Martin Corp. dropped as much 3.4 percent after Trump’s tweet" False
Super Mario's creator explains how #SuperMarioRun will reach a new generation False
Bird attempts to woo mate with a love heart, gets a nasty surprise True
From stocks to bonds, it's been a day when all went wrong for Chinese investors False
Al Gore's climate change documentary, "An Inconvenient Truth," is getting a sequel. False
NEW: Feds found RNC-related cyberattack months ago, but it didn't raise serious concerns, sources tell @ABC News. False
"Politics is divisive. Beer is not": Is home-brewing the key to harmony on the Hill? False
Israel's Netanyahu hopes to work with Trump to undo Iran nuclear deal False
Parents are furious at this bestselling author for buying $23,600 worth of #Hatchimals True
2016: When the "pros" accepted unconfirmed speculation as fact and demanded that politicians prove a negative. False
Tannehill, Gordon, Bosa ... A lot of talented players were injured Week 14: False
It took Apple Music less than a year and a half to hit 20 million paid subscribers False
Former New York Times Editor @JillAbramson tells @brianstelter that Donald Trump's tweets are "fake news, too" False
.@carlbernstein tells @brianstelter that Donald Trump "lives and thrives in a fact free environment" False
Seven penguins die in mysterious circumstances at zoo False
Priebus: CIA report on Russia operation to help Trump "inconclusive" False
Quote of the day: True
Explosive revelations by #SPTyagi True
26% of Americans are planning to add to their debt this holiday season False
Biden urges Canada to fight climate change despite Trump False
Why La Paz, Bolivia needs to be on your bucket list True
Trump: We're Going to Start Saying 'Merry Christmas' Again False
Blind, deaf poodle greets every day with a joyful spirit False
Far-right party still leading in Dutch polls, despite being found guilty of discrimination False
Diplomats urge Russia and Assad to show grace in Aleppo victory False
It was a sophisticated prank, planned for well over a year and orchestrated to near perfection in the dead of night. True
Fatboy Slim: 'I've witnessed religious moments to Love Is In The Air' False
Churches vow to offer sanctuary to people in US illegally False
Canada reaches carbon agreement with its provinces False
Dear @Walmart Arunachal Pradesh is a part of India, not China @PMOIndia False
Good times. True
Facebook really, really wants you to use Facebook Live False
These holiday cards are perfect gifts for the typography fan. False
Here's why artists like Adele and Pharrell could be pulled from the radio True
"Just because your kids are headed off to college, it doesn’t mean they’ll graduate" True
John Glenn will lie in state in Ohio's capitol building preceding a celebration of his life. False
18 hilarious jokes that’ll make you say “damn, that’s clever” True
Raiders punter Marquette King had a savage response to Travis Kelce stealing his dance. True
World Anti-Doping Agency report details scope of massive Russian scheme False
Who pays what? @ato_gov_au names large companies that paid zero #tax in 2014-15 True
Marine Le Pen says illegal migrant children should be banned from accessing free education or healthcare False
A new kind of moviegoing experience that puts you right inside the frame. See 9 virtual-reality films from @NYTMag: False
"I love skiing. Will you people who hate it please stop clogging up the mountains," writes Lucy Denyer False
5 things you may not know about retirement [sponsor content] True
All the best deals on the internet today True
New 'Google for public data' provides insights into drug development and Medicare spending False
"South Koreans are showing the world how protests can work"  via @PostEverything False
Donald Trump to nominate regulation critic Scott Pruitt to lead Environmental Protection Agency False
Giants' Nikita Whitlock says home hit with 'KKK' and 'Go back to Africa' graffiti  via @guardian_sport False
Prime Minister @narendramodi has likened #Demonetisation to 'yagna' or sacrifice
#ThisIsIt False
LGBT center to open its doors across from Mormon temple in Utah False
A real life RED SKULL: Venezuelan father transforms into supervillain False
President Obama's candid reflections on race False
WATCH: Massive turtle just wants to chill False
A startup that's developed an anti-aging supplement just raised $20 million False
There are fewer than 100,000 left in the wild and the population dropped by 40 per cent in the past 30 years True
Siri shows that tech can and must do better for people with disabilities False
MLB star shows off slimmed-down look after internet fat-shaming incidents False
Opinion: "The right has its own version of political correctness. It’s just as stifling."  via @PostEverything False
Pittsburgh Steeler @L_Bell26 (A.K.A. Juice) unleashes new rap cut "Get Wit It" (premiere) False
Disruptive innovation: Has it reached buzzword status yet? True
People are making memes about Trump being “Person Of The Year” True
WATCH LIVE: A look back at Pearl Harbor on the 75th anniversary False
States with background checks have fewer school shootings, a study says False
Dale Cavese: the football chant that took over the internet and the world True
Would-be space tourists are till none the wiser as to when they will make their journey into the stars False
Ohio fetal heartbeat abortion bill heads to governor's desk False
6.4-magnitude hits Indonesia killing at least 25 people False
Jennifer Aniston has been laughing at Jason Bateman for 22 years: Inside their friendship False
U.S. health insurers publicly outlined for the first time what the industry wants to stay in the state marketplaces True
Disabled vet and his service dog land job together False
Facebook, Twitter, Microsoft and YouTube to create "#extremist database" to stop spread of #propaganda False
The Greek Freak is on pace to be the first @Bucks All-Star since Michael Redd in 2004.

Which got us thinking ... False
John Kasich to Electoral College: Don't cast your vote for me False
Theater Refuses To Be A Safe Space For Donald Trump False
Putin's 50ft underwater 'robot' that can imitate any submarine in the world True
Mike Pence says Mike Flynn Jr. has “no involvement in the transition whatsoever.” Evidence suggests otherwise. False
London's newest chicken takeaway is 100% vegan False
This Texas GOP elector announces that he won't vote for Trump True
Supreme Court tackles gerrymandered districts False
Brexit: article 50 supreme court hearing day two - live updates False
External affairs minister @SushmaSwaraj is likely to undergo a kidney #transplant at #AIIMS next week False
Soulja Boy back at again with the beef, takes shots at Quavo on new diss track "Beef": False
A mom didn’t sell anything at a craft fair so Twitter bought everything False
Listen to @LupeFiasco's new track "Killers": False
Must be really upset he had to miss Castro's funeral! True
Here’s the secret way people are using Snapchat Spectacles. 
(Hint: sex) True
Samsung cut it too close with safety margins on the Note7's design, report says False
[taps fingers together] True
Photographs show Hitler attending wedding of brother-in-law he had executed a year later False
A fake US embassy operating in Ghana for more than a decade has been shut down False
Euro plummets to a 20-month low after Italian referendum result False
Dakota Access Pipeline: Is the fight over at Standing Rock? False
IBMVoice: 6 things to know about mobile wallets before you use them this holiday season
 @IBM True
Man with rifle arrested at DC restaurant targeted by 'Pizzagate' fake news conspiracy theorists True
"...grabbed them and attempted to drag them into a spare room." True
Dylan Roof to judge: Let lawyers back on church massacre case False
Army Corps blocks route of Dakota Access oil pipeline False
Credit restrictions cost home buyers "deal of a lifetime" False
Tommy Tuberville resigns at Cincinnati, leaving Jeff Brohm and Neal Brown the leading candidates to replace him: False
Trump threatens payback for US companies that move abroad False
Three young women are shot dead by a sniper in Finland False
Donald Trump blasts "totally biased" "SNL" for third time on Twitter ⏩ by @lee_moran False
Did you miss @rabbitandcoffee's final video for the year on @InsidersABC? Watch all of Huw's videos here.

#auspol False
Wale addresses J. Cole's "False Prophets" on new song "Groundhog's Day." False
10 simple strategies to help you pay off any kind of debt True
Elton John: 'No truth in the rumours - I am not retiring' False
Bodies of Chapecoense players killed in plane crash returned to Brazil False
For the first time ever, the Mall of America is hosting an African-American Santa False
The sisters act owning the world of fashion and vying for the top title True
Fidel Castro's ashes make their final journey across Cuba False
A student stabbed a psychology professor to death over a personal dispute, authorities say False
Why I love… Michelle Obama True
Professor stabbed to death on USC campus, student arrested False
How artificial intelligence could stop those awkward moments when your credit card is mistakenly declined False
Does penalizing airlines for customer service infractions do any good? False
The Article 50 case isn't Gina Miller's first fight - and she's not afraid of making enemies False
China protests at Trump-Taiwan call False
Man smokes the best weed of his life... Cries about it: False
12 times queer teens completely owned 2016 True
#ICYMI: Some car dealers misleading consumers over safety ratings, ANCAP says. False
#ICYMI: #GreatBarrierReef at risk of winding up on UNESCO 'danger' list, QLD Gov says. False
Cristiano Ronaldo's $1 billion lifetime deal with Nike actually a bargain False
Facebook to give $20 million to Bay Area community for affordable housing and job training $FB False
Ten-year-olds tackle "The Lie" of demeaning stereotypes in powerful video False
Prosecutors say they've reached an agreement with Johnny Manziel to dismiss a domestic violence against him: False
Andrew Sachs, the much loved Fawlty Towers actor, dies aged 86 False
A roundup of the best stories from the world of #entertainment False
Man viciously kills, dismembers parents in Tennessee: False
Tennessee woman gives birth to daughter just after being rescued from tornado zone. False
The 'Full House' home is back in the family False
Kodak Black issues statement following his release from jail False
Metro board committee advances plan for late-night service cuts False
🔥💥 NEW KID CUDI featuring TRAVIS SCOTT 🔥💥

Listen to "Baptized by Fire": False
Nearly half of America’s overweight people don’t realize they’re overweight False
The season finale of @WestWorldHBO is coming up! Here are a few predictions: False
Awwww. True
China is building a full sized replica of the Titanic False
Texas will require aborted fetal tissue to be buried instead of disposed in a sanitary landfill False
Plane crash victim's mother: "My heart is in pieces" False
Can work/life balance be a reality? This company makes it possible: True
Watch Jimmy Fallon &amp; Questlove light up with holiday spirit in first 2017 #GoldenGlobes promo False
Even China is turning against its own dealmaking spree False
Gambia election: Yahya Jammeh in bid for fifth term False
Conservatives are watching less football this season False
Inside North Korea's secret prisons False
In the latest airline episode captured on video, a Delta pilot can be seen smacking a woman to break up a fight True
Don’t panic: Donald Trump has started out like any past President, and he understands the job ahead #premium False
Protesters to hold opposition march as Trump hosts 100-day rally False
Things got a little heated at hedge-fund poker night True
bye True
Fyre Festival organiser reveals what he’ll do differently next time around True
EX-UNDERCOVER DEA AGENT: What I did when drug dealers asked me to try the product True
100 days of Russia drama for the Trump White House, with no end in sight False
Preview: Daryl Hall and John Oates, the duo joined by a gunfight False
Russian army puts its enormous new remote-controlled robot tank through its paces False
Deadly gang MS-13 is Trump's public enemy No.1, but should it be? False
"Milo Inc." True
Metadata law reform needed after AFP illegally accesses journalist's call records, expert says False
Man charged with murder of former navy officer hit with own car False
Gwyneth Paltrow and Goop: how her vilified lifestyle brand - which is now a magazine - has defied its critics False
23 pictures that will make you squirm and then laugh True
Twitter did not hold back after Nike, Under Armour and adidas wouldn’t sign Lonzo Ball False
So who's left for tonight?

@ESPNInsider's Todd McShay on the best prospects available for Day 2 of the #NFLDraft: False
A journalist says President Trump brought electoral map handouts to an interview False
My friend got with her boyfriend after he cheated on my sister – should I snub their wedding? True
Curvy model Candice Huffine is thanking her 15-year-old self: False
Missed the NFL draft last night? Here's a look at how each team fared in the first round: False
.@PedroCapó, @IamLuisFigueroa &amp; @Christian_Pagan performed at the 2017 @BillboardLatin Music Awards #Billboards2017 False
Happy #edballsday to everyone, but especially @edballs False
#STORY: AFP officer accessed journalist's call records in metadata breach False
House will not vote on Affordable Care Act rewrite, smoothing way for government to stay open False
Meet the woman who did the iconic Rage intro scream False
this is good True
Amazon crushed its earnings False
United Airlines settles with passenger who was dragged from plane False
unintended_consequences.jpg
+
buried_lede.jpg True
Doctors and hospitals say the new version of Trumpcare is even worse than the first one False
Why press freedom is under the cosh in the UK | Jane Martinson False
Kim Kardashian on how the Paris robbery changed her: "It was meant to happen to me" False
It's been 26 years since #TheSilenceOfTheLambs first released, but it's still hard not to squirm at its mere mention False
Former ESPN employee Colin Cowherd makes grim prediction about company's future False
Redskins 2017 NFL draft discussion and analysis False
Jabrill Peppers, DeShone Kizer among the top prospects who could be in for a draft-day slide False
I quit sugar for 30 days and this is what happened True
.@HAIMTheBand are back with a new Paul Thomas Anderson-directed video for "Right Now." False
Harry Styles vs. Zayn Malik: Who is One Direction's reigning solo star? False
D.C. mayor's proposal would ban backyard chickens in the nation's capital. "This is a city." False
Senate is expected to confirm a moderate, Alexander Acosta, as labor secretary this week. False
Fit for 40: how an osteopathy course turned me into a crack addict True
Thai mother of baby murdered on Facebook Live reveals moment she watched the video True
Here’s how much you should be tipping your hairdresser True
General election 2017: Zac Goldsmith is back, as Boris Johnson attacks Corbyn – politics live False
#Trump agrees to renegotiate #NAFTA with Canada, Mexico leaders False
Young Thug will release a singing album executive produced by Drake: False
Florida man accused of fighting for Isis in Syria could face prosecution in US False
Sheryl Sandberg on "Option B", or how to learn to move on after a loss False
19 scholars of Mormon history filed a court brief over President Trump's travel ban False
Attorney for Aaron Hernandez's prison 'brother' adds new wrinkles to suicide mystery False
How long can Facebook Live broadcast horror? #Premium True
Filmmakers' wrangle lengthy Stephen King works into two summer movies False
.@BrunoMars ties Justin Timberlake for most Pop Songs No. 1s among male soloists False
Granta’s list of the best young American novelists False
Pres. Trump seeks to review national monuments after Obama set record with designations False
Los Angeles mayor declares today "La La Land" day False
Ivanka Trump publicly booed after praising her Dad's stance on women False
China's jobless rate drops below 4% for the first time since 2002 False
Donald Trump says he is not scared of a trade war with Canada False
In first Monday night without Bill O'Reilly, Fox News maintains ratings domination False
Equipment maker Caterpillar is seeing signs of recovery and boosted its revenue and profit forecasts for the year False
After Brexit (and maybe Frexit): The funniest names to use when anyone else leaves the EU False
California university dispenses morning-after pill in vending machine False
Erin Moran's neighbors say she was 'full of energy' before she died False
#AnzacDay in photos False
r/cringe True
Shea Moisture pulls an ad after getting hammered on social media False
Love Parade tragedy: German court orders trial over 2010 festival deaths False
A terror attack didn't sway France's election, but that's no surprise False
Astronaut Peggy Whitson gets a congratulatory call from President Trump False
Perspective: We’re jailing way more people who’ve been convicted of exactly nothing False
Jabrill Peppers failed drug test at the combine for a diluted sample, per @AdamSchefter False
The Justin Bieber sports curse is definitely real, and it just claimed its latest victim True
Rihanna keeps sharing these photos of the Queen photoshopped and nobody knows what to think True
Quote of the day: False
Parrot who trained with Michele Scarponi mourns cyclist at tribute site False
ICYMI: Russell Westbrook was not a fan of this question. True
Jimmy Butler rips Marcus Smart for "acting tough" with him: "He's not about that life." False
I tried those backless, strapless Instagram bras to see if they actually lift your boobs True
Caitlyn Jenner reveals what her life is like today False
Regular bedtimes stop children from becoming overweight, study finds False
What markets should conclude from France's election  via @BV False
Duterte says he can be 50 times more brutal than terrorists False
100 days, 100 voters True
Arrests made in Coachella 2017 cellphone thefts False
College student killed in freak accident during track and field event True
#FrenchElection: Emmanuel Macron, Marine Le Pen through to runoff, projections show False
Taliban insurgents disguised in army uniforms kill up to 140 Afghan soldiers False
Following a heated discussion with a fan after Game 3, the Rockets' Patrick Beverley has been fined $25,000: False
A rundown of the five main contenders in the French election False
The woman who explained 'why women still can't have it' explains how priorities change False
Meet Zamzam Farah: Olympian, refugee and the most extraordinary athlete at this year's #LondonMarathon False
IMF meeting drops anti-protectionism pledge False
Family of Aaron Hernandez victim issues "friendly challenge" to Patriots: Pay up False
Ecuador fines media for not publishing a story True
Rare parchment copy of Declaration of Independence found by Harvard researchers False
23 things you’ll get if you hate men but are also attracted to them True
'Friday' star John Witherspoon says Ice Cube is working on the fourth sequel. False
it's actually his friend's take #savedyouaclick True
Scientists are developing Star Wars-style technologies to farm drinking water out of the air False
A 3-year-old did a Reddit AMA and it is honestly the purest thing False
Comics wizard Karen Berger, who edited the ‘Sandman’ and ‘Preacher’ series, gets her own line of books False
LaVar Ball responds to Nike criticism and says Big Baller Brand will be a competitor

🎥: False
Simple advice from 27 teenagers for what we should do for Earth Day: False
Report suggests Aaron Hernandez's sexuality may have played part in Odin Lloyd murder. False
Grantchester star James Norton criticises trend for faith being portrayed as 'exorcisms and cults' False
Water streaming across Antarctica is surprising -- and worrying -- scientists False
Netanyahu's stern warning to Iran | True
Judith Clark, getaway driver in Brinks heist, denied parole False
Naked mole-rats are even stranger than anyone thought False
ICYMI: @JaniceDean: The last two months have been a real pain in the neck False
It’s true: A glass of wine (or 2) a day actually keeps the doctor away False
Paris attack puts security at the top of the agenda two days before French election: False
.@SteveForbesCEO Encourages @POTUS to Push 'Massive' Tax Cut Plan: 'Why Wait?' False
weak True
only 400-plus miles past where there should be a wall True
Trump says his 'massive' tax plan is coming next week False
better than the alternative... True
Recent events suggest a need for a basic explainer about Hawaii, the 50th state False
Britain set for historic first coal-free day 'since Industrial Revolution' False
Republicans float health care compromise before Pres. Trump's 100-day mark. False
What you need to know about the French election True
Duchess Kate speaks out on loneliness of motherhood. "You do feel quite isolated." False
South Korean man dies after eating toads False
Paris shooting: police search property as Isis claims responsibility False
Sessions to potential illegal immigrants: Don't come, wait your turn    via @RayBogan False
What is fueling fake hate crimes across the US?   via @dougmckelway #FOXNewsUS False
Evening Briefing: Here's what you need to know at the end of the day True
Billy Bush's odd Instagram video shows he desperately wants to be back on TV False
Wall Street bounces back on continued strength in quarterly reporting False
Italy's Gentiloni promises to contribute more toward NATO’s defense False
Bill O’Reilly accuser reveals identity, feels ‘triumphant’ he won't return to Fox News. False
.@IAmSteveHarvey says @POTUS is 'keeping his word' False
Patriots slam New York Times photos suggesting turnout for Trump White House visit was small False
Labour MP says General Election is not about defeating the Government as she fails to defend Corbyn False
How to cash in on your old tech gadgets  via @YahooFinance False
Crush the saboteurs! How hard-Brexit rhetoric turned Leninist False
Tory and SNP positions in Scotland suggest surge in tactical voting False
Ikea's iconic 99 cent bag gets a high-fashion upgrade courtesy of Balenciaga False
Syria still has up to three tons of chemical weapons, Israeli defense officials say. False
Cashmere Cat releases 10-song track list for debut album "9" False
17 things you can't get away with if you're not an only child True
National Guardsman meets his baby daughter for the 1st time after his deployment  via @GMA False
Emirates to cut US flights after Trump travel restrictions False
Lonzo Ball and his brothers aren't worth a billion dollars to a sneaker brand (yet): False
"As an Englishman who has taken an awful lot of flak for supporting Trump, I’m starting to get a little nervous." False
CMO Today newsletter: Fox News prepares to cut ties with Bill O’Reilly False
#SaveTheBoyChild True
Syria war: Evacuations resume after deadly bombing False
United Airlines booted this couple en route to their wedding of the flight False
Members of the Newtown Board of Education ask Pres. Trump to reject conspiracy theorists. False
Kid Rock gets engaged to longtime girlfriend Audrey Berry False
One-time DACA recipient deported to Mexico as Homeland Security disputes his status. False
A massive drug lab scandal results in 23,000 convictions dropped in Massachusetts False
Why Facebook’s latest announcement should excite iPhone fans True
Source: Representatives for Fox and Bill O'Reilly have begun talking about an exit False
The body part that reveals when we're about to have an epiphany True
Tony Blair could work alongside Lib Dems in anti-Brexit election campaign False
How MPs reacted to Theresa May's snap general election False
MLB players are rolling out a new baseball-centric social media app called Infield Chatter False
Why dogs put their tails between their legs True
Theresa May due to make Downing Street statement at 11.15am - live updates False
Brighton’s long march ends in Chris Hughton’s completion of a job well done  via @guardian_sport False
Are Your Instagram Habits Like Everyone Else's? True
North Korean commandos ready to kidnap Americans, says defector   #FOXNewsWorld False
What the 'Star Wars' and 'Fate of the Furious' opening weekends should teach Hollywood: False
Suspect in Washington state mall shootings found dead in cell False
Top Trump confidant: Trump should make a deal with Ginsburg and nominate Garland False
How much would people put up with to avoid United Airlines?  via @upshotnyt False
China's best and brightest are increasingly returning home after going to U.S. universities False
Meet the rocket scientist QB who could be the biggest steal of this year’s NFL draft False
Damian Lewis webchat – post your questions now True
Journalism. True
cool True
HEALTHCARE EXPERT: Here’s how to avoid getting hit with surprise medical bills True
Four people dead as plane crashes into supermarket in Portugal after 'exploding in mid-air’ False
Tobacco plants are being used to grow human skin proteins False
Australian Turkish voters split over 'premature' #Turkeyreferendum result False
Players across the NBA had messages for IT4 after his emotional night. False
Twitter users discover that they can 'trap' their cats inside squares on the floor True
This winter has seen some really strange swings due to climate change, scientists say False
Lady Gaga debuts new single &amp; plays Beyonce collaboration during #Coachella performance False
The Cleveland Cavaliers are muting Drake’s Golden State Warriors references. False
At least 68 children among those killed by suicide car bomb on a bus convoy rescuing evacuees from ISIS in Syria False
Fugitive Mexican ex-Gov. Javier Duarte detained in Guatemala False
Tennessee makes college free for people over 24 years old False
Happy Easter, from all of us at @ABC News! False
Seven injured in head-on car collision near Ledge Point in WA False
Disney shows off Star Wars Land, and just shut up and take our money False
Hydraulic press obliterating a Furby will give '90s kids nightmares False
People have discovered the perfect way to mess with your cat True
United, Pepsi, Wells Fargo, Samsung. What's the right thing to do when crisis hits? False
The two ages you're happiest at True
Jimmy Fallon is a stylish Jared Kushner in 'SNL' cold open. False
"Houston, we have a problem": The amazing history of the iconic Apollo 13 misquote True
#ICYMI: #Easter eggs and other #food that can poison your #dog False
North Korea: Mike Pence in Seoul to reaffirm support to Asia allies False
EU 'leaving migrants to drown' say rescuers who saved 2,000 in single day False
Four reasons why you just can't put down your smartphone: True
Shaquille O'Neal offers to cover funeral costs for teen who accidentally killed himself False
Golden Gate Bridge finally getting a suicide barrier False
North Korea showed off new missiles and launchers at its annual military parade False
i thought michelle obama already made this happen? True
Who are the producers on Harry Styles' album? True
Fox News sets Afghanistan bombing to country music as other outlets voice doubt False
Manchester United v Chelsea: match preview  via @guardian_sport False
Star Wars: The Last Jedi first trailer released False
#ICYMI: What do fans make of the trailer for #StarWarsTheLastJedi? True
The #WhiteGarden will be seen in full bloom this May. #RIP #PrincessDiana False
Pittsburgh Penguins to honor late Steelers owner, Dan Rooney, with helmet decal 🙏 False
Melo dropped this on Instagram during Phil Jackson's presser False
Somewhere Carrie Fisher is smiling True
Meet the private-equity entrepreneurs making millions backing trendy consumer goods startups False
Perspective: "Girls" was about the path — and costs — to being "a voice of a generation" False
UN experts are urging authorities to investigate reports of violence against gay men in Russian republic of Chechnya False
French prosecutors ask European Parliament to lift Marine Le Pen’s immunity False
FBI joins investigation Into four young men found dead in NY park  via @NBCNewYork False
A businessman's murder in the Philippines unmasks a web of police violence False
A #brave dog was #stabbed to death as it tried to fight off an attacker who pulled out a knife at its owner. #RIP 😔 False
The funniest parenting tweets this week False
Warren Beatty recalls 'chaos' of Oscars night False
#ICYMI: How can chilcare centres charge you over the Easter long weekend?  (Pic: AAP) False
Kids tell Jimmy Kimmel their own adorable versions of the Easter story False
'I was stung by a scorpion on a plane' in Canada False
Readers reacted to our article about the fate of London post-Brexit False
#Scandal: Celebrate 100 episodes of OMG moments  via @YahooTV False
.@CillizzaCNN: Here's an easy way to understand all of President Trump's recent flip-flops False
.@greggutfeld: Massive Bomb Sent the 'Mother of All Messages' to North Korea True
A woman went to a furry convention with her dog thinking it was for pets False
Until the very end, Kobe was a must-see. And that night, Lakers fans treated him as such False
Assad denies use of chemical weapons False
Meet the #ForbesU30Asia honorees in finance &amp; venture capital: False
7 times Shannen Doherty inspired us to never give up True
Nasa to announce major discovery about ocean worlds in search for alien life False
8-year-old steals car to drive to McDonald's False
Is the United Airlines man being smeared in the media even the right David Dao? It doesn't matter True
Trump says NATO allies must meet defense spending obligations False
John Paulson is planning to step down from AIG's board False
Why schools should teach maths in the morning True
Charlie Murphy, actor and comedian, dies at 57 False
Leicester City fans chant in Madrid: 'F*** off you Spaniards, Gibraltar is ours' False
North Carolina lawmakers introduce bill to ban same-sex marriage False
🆘🆘 Men are injecting their balls with Botox in disturbing new trend 🆘🆘 True
Borussia Dortmund explosion: #bedforawayfans puts smile back on football's face False
muh preshus economy False
ICYMI: If it were up to Mark Cuban, Tony Romo not only would've been honored by the Mavericks ... he'd have played. False
How readers reacted to a video of a passenger removed from a United Airlines flight False
Peugeot sets sights on U.S. car market False
For Trump, alleged use of sarin in Syria prompted a different reaction than other chemical weapons False
9 surprising ways you're wasting money without even realizing it: True
Sergio Garcia on Masters victory: "I was just screaming" False
Hottest Aussie city had its coldest day and people couldn't handle it True
Independent MP Andrew Wilkie questions Bashar al-Assad regime's role in Syria chemical attack False
Pilot able to walk away after his plane crashed on a Maine highway. True
Young Thug avoids battery charges after allegedly slapping a woman: False
These airlines just trolled United so hard on Twitter True
21 breathtaking photos of dogs, but from underneath False
Parents facing fines over term-time holidays considering class action against councils who misled them False
DeShone Kizer, Dalvin Cook among the players who could be in for a draft-day slide False
Bargain hunters found Mac Pro machines selling at an insane $4,000 discount. False
ISIS fighters got inside the wire during a hellish firefight with US Special Ops in Syria False
.@FakeShark brings new single "Heart 2 Heart" to life in colorful video: (premiere) False
This tweet about Wendy's chicken nuggets could become the most retweeted tweet ever True
Nancy Kerrigan reveals miscarriage woes on 'Dancing With the Stars' False
Donald Trump says North Korea is 'looking for trouble' False
Journalist shouted down at Corbyn press conference – video False
"No one should feel good about Trump’s attack on Syria"  via @PostOpinions False
Rhode Island could be the next state to make tuition free False
U.S. accuses Russian email spammer of vast network of fraud False
Blaze devastates Grand-Synthe migrant camp outside Dunkirk False
Classroom murder-suicide leaves 8-year-old dead in shooting at California elementary school False
Breaking: Spotify's Troy Carter appointed entertainment advisor for Prince's estate False
.@TurnbullMalcolm is understood to have told the #Adani chairman the issue of #NativeTitle will soon be resolved False
AMD Acquires IP And Acquihires Nitero Team, Maker Of 60 Ghz Wireless Chips For VR/AR False
Islamophobia is on the rise in China False
Michael Caine and Morgan Freeman on Going in Style: 'People have to be taken care of' – video interview False
Father kills son in shootout over who would walk the dog False
Shock as man forcibly removed from overbooked flight False
Manhunt intensifies for the man allegedly stole guns and mailed manifesto to President Trump False
Number waiting more than 18 weeks for NHS surgery 'set to double' False
The DASH diet is proven to work. Why hasn’t it caught on? True
23 ways you may have internalized misogyny without even realizing True
Woman snapping selfies on California's highest bridge falls 60 feet True
Sen. Marco Rubio says U.S. can’t defeat ISIS until Syria Pres. Bashar al Assad is removed False
Venezuelan protesters clash with security forces False
Inside the little-known @MonsantoCo campus where scientists are changing the way you eat True
 True
Blasts at two churches in Egypt kill dozens on Palm Sunday: False
Nasa captures spectacular new image of Jupiter as it travels close to the Earth False
Hero security guard crashed into Swedish terrorist saving hundreds of lives False
LATEST: Bomb explodes in church north of Cairo; at least 26 dead, 71 wounded False
Stockholm attack suspect 'was ordered deported' False
.@EDC_LasVegas offers escape in 2017 trailer: (watch)  / via @billboarddance False
Vin Diesel has finally commented on his ‘feud' with Fast &amp; Furious co-star Dwayne Johnson True
Norway is building the world's first ship tunnel by smashing through a solid rock peninsula False
Regime change in #Syria a top priority for the Trump administration, UN envoy #NikkiHaley says  #SyriaStrikes False
“People lose their way,” said a Bill O’Reilly fan. “I accept you because I believe in you." False
The awful sores in her mouth were a symptom of something very serious True
Swedish athletes observe minute of silence for the victims of Stockholm truck attack False
Trump supporter cancels woman’s AirBnB reservation because she’s Asian False
Spotify issue impacts Harry Styles' "Sign of the Times" on release day False
Tony Romo will suit up for Mavericks in season finale False
The last Jedi won’t be the last we see of Carrie Fisher’s General Leia False
White House denies "shake-up." False
How Taryn Southern beat crippling anxiety to garner over 100 million views on YouTube False
"These games like this come back and bite you, especially down the stretch when you're trying to get some rest." True
How did a chef surrounded by Italian food all day drop 40 pounds in a year? True
Stockholm remains defiant after deadly truck attack False
In new special, Louis C.K. says we're heading for hellish dystopia False
This US poet lost 10 relatives in #Syria this week, but not in the gas attack False
#ICYMI: Here's what you need to know about America's strike on Syria True
As tax day looms, here’s a guide to knowing when you need a pro to file your return True
Blame supply for high house prices, not tax breaks or lax lending practices, says former CBA boss  #ausbiz #housing False
Why more than 250,000 people have been forced to change their GP True
Weather girl disappears from the screen when a BEE attacks her while she's live False
LaVar Ball on UCLA's March Madness loss: 'You can’t win no championship with 3 white guys' False
'At least three people dead' and shots fired after lorry crashes into crowd in Sweden False
Grandma, 75, 'buried her dead friend in a tomato patch and shared fruit with neighbours' False
Should high school students be required to have a plan before graduating? False
Now, @HarperCollinsIN is giving its employees paid time to take care of their fuzziest family members! #Awesome 🐶🐱 False
Airstrikes in Syria cause ‘significant damage’ to U.S.-Russian relations False
Missing Tennessee teen's father seeks to depose witnesses in hopes of finding daughter. False
Fashion week job swap: could I become an Instagram star? False
Opposition Leader @billshortenmp says Labor supports the US "sending a strong signal" in #Syria. Live blog: False
Trump’s EPA cuts to lead paint programs will hit black people the hardest ➡️ by @juliacraven False
15 things that'll make your home smell so much cleaner True
Smoking causes 1 in 10 deaths across the world False
UMG's deal with Spotify: How Grainge and Ek (finally) got it done False
23 ways you may have internalized misogyny without even realizing True
Heartbreaking video shows the moment a father buried his twins killed in Syria's chemical attack False
Facebook to tackle fake news with educational campaign False
Reds prospect's illicit drug use caught on Snapchat

🎥: False
Kendall Jenner's comments about that controversial Pepsi ad are raising eyebrows 👀 False
Opinion: "Nunes is out of the Russia probe, and the Susan Rice spin collapses" False
Billboard #LatinConf announces "Industry Keynote Masterclass" with Sony/ATV executives False
Barack Obama is coming to Scotland False
Floods hero True
Russian who lost his family in a mid-air plane crash became a murderer False
Syria: Six simple questions for a complicated conflict: True
#Queen director #VikasBahl has been accused of molestation &amp; consequently asked to quit @FuhSePhantom: reports False
A roundup of stories that made headlines yesterday False
'He IS a Mutt': De Niro Says #Trump 'Sullied and Debased the Presidency' False
Latest North Korea missile test demonstrates limits of U.S. intelligence: False
.@JohnLegend makes an appearance in the trailer for @MasterofNone Season 2 False
 True
Porzingis better call Dirk soon! ⏳ #BRmag False
16 cheat sheets for if you're a foodie but also lazy AF False
This is what made us fall in #love with @imVkohli 😍 True
Crystal meth haul True
Sean Spicer said that the chemical attacks in Syria were "a consequence of the last administration’s weakness” False
Create A Sampler Platter And We'll Guess Your Age And Height True
My Super Sweet 16?

Floyd throws a lavish party for his son and buys him a Mercedes-Benz False
Untouchable Bangladeshi boy who was slowly turning into stone makes a miraculous recovery False
Google just uncovered the most dangerous Android malware ever seen True
 True
Suspect in St. Petersburg blast identified by authorities as Kyrgyz-born Russian citizen, senior intel official says False
North Carolina: 12-1
Three teams: 10-1 False
Ancient Chinese tomb-sweeping festival goes hi-tech True
Suspected gas attack in #Syria kills more than 30 in north-western province of Idlib False
Alec Baldwin says that angry 2007 voicemail hurt daughter in a "permanent" way False
Two-child limit on benefits: are you going to be affected?  #sharestories True
NHL players won’t participate in the 2018 Olympics False
First lady Melania Trump gets her official White House portrait False
Flowers are being laid in memory of the #StPetersburg Metro explosion victims False
Peeps on top of pizza. DEBATE. False
Bah gawd, Jim Ross is officially back in the WWE on a 2-year contract False
Place your bets: The NFL in Vegas is officially a game-changer for gamblers False
Amtrak expands Acela service False
JUST IN: Explosion in St. Petersburg metro system kills at least 10 people, Russian news reports False
Joss Whedon, the creator of “Buffy the Vampire Slayer,” will direct a film about Batgirl False
"Who’s American? Who should be here?" Those questions are at the heart of "The Profane" and on the cast's minds. False
Dramatic moment plane lands on motorway in Spain after suffering 'engine fault' in mid-air False
28-day limit on police bail comes into force in the UK False
"His intent is to do me harm": White Tulsa officer explains why she fatally shot unarmed black man False
Tina Fey hasn't ever been one to mince words. True
Lawyer for Bill O'Reilly accuser calls for independent investigation into Fox News False
35 lines from "Harry Potter" that never fail to make us cry True
LeBron pokes fun at his "crybaby" rep in a new ad for Intel. False
George Takei joked about running for Congress and people got very excited False
Victoria Beckham joins James Corden for 'Carpool Karaoke’ False
Ellen von Unwerth: ‘Let’s photograph girls enjoying life’ False
Six arrested on suspicion of attempted murder of boy who revealed he was a refugee False
Handle with care: readers' photos on the theme of tender True
A female Norwegian hunter to men who mansplain: "Shut up, just see how I shoot before you correct me" True
A physicist wants to beam solar energy back from the Moon's surface False
The Fearless Girl is sticking around for another year False
#Legion's showrunner explains the finale's bananas mid-credits scene: False
Could we see Professor X in #Legion Season 2? Patrick Stewart is game: False
These ridiculous billboards reminded Great Depression Americans how lucky they were True
Mudslide kills more than 90 people in Colombia False
Who will be immortalized next?

Early projections for next year’s class of legends #WWEHOF False
Colombia landslides kill at least 92 False
Homeless man accused of murdering mother and son at family's Stourbridge home remanded in custody False
Trump hasn't really stopped American jobs going to Mexico False
Encounters: Siblings Who Share a Sense of Humor, Not Just Genes True
#MarkZuckerberg is training with the most demanding and the most adorable trainer! 😍😘 True
 True
Survey of computer developers shows gender divide over diversity False
More WH aide financial disclosures: Jared Kushner &amp; Ivanka Trump's assets could exceed $700M False
Stock surge in first quarter of 2017 rides the tech wave False
This hot new boy band from China is made up entirely of girls False
5 things to know about FFC-Acrush, China's hottest "boy band" made up of All girls True
#Stargazing guide: Look up and see these 10 things in April Photo: Trevor_Dobson True
There’s a brilliant strategy behind @CalvinHarris’ single releases False
Like NYC, Silicon Valley loves tourists, but they have drawbacks  via @Bfly False
NCAA will review North Carolina’s rollback of bathroom law, decide next week on future events False
Hillary Clinton: Advancing the rights of women and girls "is the great unfinished business of the 21st century" False
Tape your ankles… 

LaMelo Ball’s sophomore season mixtape is in

🎥: False
A ​Colombian town chooses farming life over a $35 billion gold mine​ False
Two Democratic senators say they will vote confirm Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch. False
Prison officers acted unlawfully in restraining inmate who later died True
Rex Tillerson reportedly doesn't want State Department workers to look him in the eye False
Free up iPhone space with these hidden tricks: True
#BillboardDance chart upstarts: @Mura_Masa_ &amp; @Charli_XCX, @Rasmus_Faber &amp; Adult. False
#ICYMI: National Photographic Portrait Prize finalists share the stories behind the pictures True
Kentavious Caldwell-Pope arrested on suspicion of DUI False
Schumer: "Virtually impossible" to avoid a filibuster fight on Gorsuch next week False
Team USA's stock is on the rise thanks to Christian Pulisic and Clint Dempsey False
US frees Mexican man who was arrested despite work permit False
Live: Politicians delay break after failing to agree on company tax cuts during marathon Senate sitting #auspol False
Burr and Warner: In the spotlight, and arm in arm, on Russia probe False
A shark washed up in the street after a cyclone in Australia False
Meet your new Netflix obsession. True
China's Xi Jinping will reportedly meet Donald Trump in Florida next month False
Teen in Maryland rape case contends sex was consensual False
Boat carrying #African migrants sinks in the #Mediterranean, almost all passengers feared dead False
There's a new slogan for Brexit... False
Bride's dance performance at her wedding is breaking the internet False
Sanctuary cities: Seattle sues Trump administration over executive order  via @Gaydosland False
Father of newborn baby girl BURIED ALIVE in India is arrested for attempted manslaughter False
Denmark's prime minister may have some lessons for President Trump on health care False
BREAKING: A federal judge in Hawaii extended the block on Trump's travel ban False
2017 Billboard Latin Music Conference announces "The Life of Jenni Rivera" panel False
If You Get 11/15 On This Quiz, You Can Basically Be President True
Aren't we already past the tipping point you warned about last time? True
Free agent T.J. McDonald suspended 8 games for May DUI arrest, per @RapSheet False
From empty arenas to the Final Four. PJ Dozier helped transform South Carolina. #BRmag False
These gator pop-ups are happening way too frequently 😱

🎥: False
Expect Nick Chubb and Georgia to bounce back in 2017 False
The world's first monster truck front flip will leave you grinning like a kid True
In a wheelchair you might be able to get on the subway. But can you get off?  #Daily360 False
How an American tech icon bet on nuclear ...and lost its way True
Trump now uses an iPhone - despite once calling for an Apple boycott False
Brexit triggered: UK prime minister sends letter to European Union to begin divorce False
Britain's biggest landlord bans 'coloured people' because of 'the curry smell' False
Andy Cohen thinks Trump is pretty much just a "Real Housewife" False
WEST OAKLAND FIRE: Inspectors found building lacked sprinklers before deadly blaze False
'Stop shaking your head': Spicer unloads on reporter who asks about Trump-Russia connections False
The next face of MLB isn't Harper, Trout or Bryant. It's Francisco Lindor. #BRmag False
2 dogs just had an incredible engagement photoshoot so the rest of us might as well give up True
Conor McGregor eyes third fight with rival Nate Diaz amid Floyd Mayweather negotiations False
This Is the End (2013) False
Your best photographs on the theme of empowerment True
Trump set to undo Obama's action against global warming False
What to do (and not do) once #CycloneDebbie has passed via @_jessicahaynes_ False
World’s biggest dinosaur footprint discovered in ‘Australia’s own Jurassic Park’ False
.@chancetherapper is looking to hire an intern! False
Uncovered boxes shed light on Maggie Lena Walker, an African American icon and first woman to own a U.S. bank False
Meet the #storm chaser following #CycloneDebbie  (Pic: Paul Lyons) #weather True
The Cubs’ Theo Epstein had a home run response to getting named the ‘world’s greatest leader’ True
Roman palace's stunning ceiling destroyed 2,000 years ago is finally restored from flecks of paint False
WikiLeaks denies Roger Stone's claim of backchannel to the group False
Uber is resuming all of its self-driving car tests after a big accident over the weekend False
Why I refuse to remove my hijab in Trump's America by @differentashley #MuslimWomensDay True
Press Sec. Spicer: Attempt to filibuster Gorsuch “nothing short of obstructionism” False
Everything you need to know about Carrie Lam's Hong Kong election win: False
IS conflict: US-backed force pauses assault on Syria's Tabqa dam False
Donald Trump And America’s National Nervous Breakdown False
Trump administration weighs deeper involvement in Yemen war False
LeBron James goes off on youth basketball coaches in a string of passionate tweets. False
Literally 100 really funny "Game Of Thrones” memes True
Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner to lead US federal overhaul False
After GOP health care bill fails, emboldened Democrats are looking ahead to their next fight False
Sen. Tom Cotton says House moved too fast on health care efforts False
Former Secretary of State George Shultz weighs in on Rex Tillerson's aversion to the press: False
Iran imposes sanctions on 15 US companies over alleged support for Israel, terrorism and repression in the region False
13 times Emma Watson totally nailed the whole feminism thing False
Nick Xenophon's support for company tax cuts hinges on energy action  (Pic: AAP) False
Rick Ross claims “Idols Become Rivals” was also about Chris Rock. False
Most tech workers are delusional about how white and male their industry is False
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny detained by police during Moscow protest False
Beef with police: Hilarious moment cow charges at officer trying to wrangle the runaway heifer False
Lawrence O’Donnell: Donald Trump is "the laziest, most ignorant president in history' False
No surprise: Beijing's pick Lam chosen as Hong Kong's leader False
This is why your pancakes never come out fluffy True
Wirral explosion: Two people seriously injured in suspected gas blast False
Exercising a little mindfulness can improve your workout False
"Well, there was Mount Rushmore. That was really the biggest thing you could say about it: There it was." True
Skywatchers are welcoming a newly recognized phenomenon: the asperitas cloud False
Off the handle True
Former Buddhist monk killed himself False
Meet the 20-year-old leading the March Against Revenge Porn False
Paid a pittance, minor league baseball players are suing for the right to overtime: False
Let he who has never seen "Junior" cast the first stone. False
Shaffer: Trump Wiretap Case 'Worse Than Watergate' False
A change in pace has Kansas looking like the Warriors of the NCAA False
US reviewing airstrike that corresponds to site of 200 alleged Iraqi civilian casualties False
Indonesians’ taste for dog meat is growing, even as others shun it False
Outrage as Italian judge clears man of raping a woman on a hospital bed because she didn't SCREAM False
What kind of fraud would YOU fall for? True
London attacker's unusual background raises questions for investigators: False
A family of orthodox rabbis based in Louisville have taken it have taken it upon themselves to keep bourbon kosher False
Jonathan Isaac declares for the NBA draft False
Tourist is saved after nine days in the Amazon rainforest after MONKEYS led him to food and water False
We talked to Maxine Waters and TOTALLY get why she's such a political hero for millennials. True
After Promising Not To Talk Business With Father, Eric Trump Says He'll Give Him Financial Reports False
Don't miss @jessebwatters' tour of the historic Reagan Ranch on @WattersWorld - Saturday at 8p ET on Fox News! False
These include suicides, drug overdoses, and alcohol-related deaths such as liver failure. True
Instagramagedon: inside the hotel with the world's most jaw-dropping (and photogenic) pool True
Congressional Budget Office says new health care bill would leave millions more uninsured False
An act of defiance to Army Chief General #BipinRawat's order to crackdown on elements involved in such acts False
Texas police chief arrested following chase, standoff False
Indian students are thinking twice about attending U.S. universities False
The Sweet 16 is almost upon us. Who joins Lonzo Ball on Chad Ford's list of top NBA draft prospects?  (Insider) True
Revised GOP health bill still leaves 24 million more uninsured by 2026, CBO report says. False
The #HanSolo movie will reveal how the smuggler got his name, according to Disney's CEO: False
The sports world made sure to celebrate #NationalPuppyDay 🐶 False
Argentina ex-leader Cristina Fernandez to go on trial False
Apple patent reveals unusual designs for iPhone-laptop hybrid True
A school campaigned for their sick classmate's dream to meet Beyoncé. It worked False
MP Tobias Ellwood 'gave stabbed police officer mouth-to-mouth in a desperate bid to save him'. #LondonTerrorAttack False
'Twilight' reimagined as a goofy teen romcom is hilarious False
Seven arrests made in raids after London attack; Police say attacker was "inspired by international terrorism" False
US diplomacy in crisis amid cuts and confusion at state department False
This is London in the wake of an attack -- stilled, shocked, then enraged False
For some reason, Durex condom brand is launching a jean line: 

yeah... we're confused too False
Gulf of Mexico waters are freakishly warm, which could mean explosive springtime storms False
Mexican family receives $1m settlement after 16-year-old forced to drink liquid meth on border False
Kamar Baldwin was a perfect match for Butler. But don't call him an underdog. #BRmag False
House of Commons and Westminster Bridge attack – in pictures False
28 Kardashian burns we still haven’t recovered from True
North Korea missile explodes "within seconds of launch" during test False
Class X #BoardExams will return in 2018 False
Why the world is worried about Brazil's tainted-meat probe True
Adani facing growing pressure on fears investors may have been misled False
"I've played through injuries my whole career. So I deserve to get a game [off] every now and then." True
While nobody's watching, Paul Ryan is taking a sledgehammer to Medicaid's promise to seniors False
UK bans laptops and big smartphones on airlines from 6 countries False
Rihanna can't watch her sex scene from 'Bates Motel' without cringing False
FBI Director James Comey testifies that Vladimir Putin 'hated' Hillary Clinton. False
The self-proclaimed Godman has been denied bail in a molestation case. #SwamiOm #BiggBoss10 False
Martin McGuinness, Irish rebel turned politician, dies at 66: False
Paul Manafort, former Trump campaign chief, faces new allegations in Ukraine False
Meet the newcomers on our #ForbesBillionaires list: True
Recent economic forecasts that have missed the mark suggest a flaw in the Fed's approach: False
WATCH: During hearing, Comey and Rogers react to @POTUS tweet True
Jane Austen has a surprising new fan base, according to one English professor: The alt-right False
If Senate Republicans want to put Gorsuch on the Supreme Court in time for this term, they'll have to move fast False
Study: patients are waiting an average of 24 days to schedule an appointment with a doctor False
North Korea says it tested a new "high-thrust" rocket engine False
'Julia,' a Muppet with autism, set to make April debut on 'Sesame Street.' False
Oregon Shakespeare Festival Season Includes a Same-Sex ‘Oklahoma!’ False
Chuck Berry's first album in decades is "sensational," friend says False
4-year-old fan meets her favorite NHL player…and then proposes to him 😂

🎥: False
.@oreillyfactor Slams Hillary Clinton's Scranton Speech: 'Most Divisive Woman in the Country' False
Chuck Berry Covers: 15 essential cuts from Rolling Stones, AC/DC, Nina Simone &amp; more False
Tim Allen says being a conservative in Hollywood is like living in 1930's Germany False
Fox News host thinks Snoop Dog and Bow Wow should be 'killed' for anti-Trump actions. False
Nazi-themed Trump billboard to stay up as long as he's president, owner says False
Update: Suspect charged with attempted murder after man shot in head on #Brisbane's southside False
Sports betting is starting to look a lot more like Wall Street  via @business False
North Korea says it tested new 'high-thrust' rocket engine False
Of course Twitter had a meltdown over @Drake's 'More Life' playlist. False
Obituary: Doris Damm built a business on temporary staffing; Fed turned to her for insight False
Cash cow? More like CASH GIRAFFE True
Opinion: If Republicans really want to give patients more freedom, they should try health care the Finnish way False
Even Obama has ditched the cargo shorts — here's why you should, too True
'Steve being Steve': Iowa voters on King's 'somebody else's babies' remark False
The tournament rolls on...

Predictions for the Round of 32 False
Donald Trump says Germany owes 'vast sums of money' to Nato and the US False
Lindsey Graham: House healthcare bill is "mortally wounded" False
Redditors gleefully spoof Trump’s awkward photo-op with Angela Merkel ➡️ @lee_moran False
Sorry but Trump's 'Irish proverb' definitely wasn't written by a Nigerian poet  #StPatricksDay False
How authorities zeroed in on a disheveled, socially awkward trader as the Libor scandal's mastermind False
Marine Corps leaders said they weren't sure how to deal with a photo sharing group. So veterans are taking it on. False
11 amazing facts you didn't know about your skin False
31 Somali refugees killed in helicopter attack off the coast of Yemen False
Amgen’s Repatha study shows reduced risk of heart attack, stroke False
How social media reacted to George Osborne becoming editor of the Evening Standard False
Trump shared a proverb with his "Irish friends," which likely wasn't Irish True
Build A Bowl Of Mac ‘N’ Cheese And We’ll Guess How You Like To Have Sex True
Israeli fighter jets fired upon during Syria mission in clash with pro-Assad forces False
Listen to @MikeWiLLMadeIt's new track "On the Come Up" featuring Big Sean. False
Watch a priest, rabbi and atheist smoke weed and talk religion True
Sources: Sean Hannity once pulled a gun on Juan Williams False
China is the world's biggest online shopping market, but groceries still come from the neighborhood False
This should be a good year for stock-pickers, and it's great news for Goldman False
When ETFs beat funds False
Dutch election: European relief as mainstream triumphs False
Retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn was paid over $30,000 by Russian TV, top House Dem says False
Opinion: The increasing significance of the decline of men False
"There's so much money involved, I just don't see how it doesn't happen."

Dana White on Mayweather-McGregor: False
.@AnushkaSharma rolled out a new hashtag, #ShashiWasThere, &amp; the Shashi jokes are only getting crazier. #Phillauri False
You can do it! True
USC erases 17-point deficit coming out as the biggest winner on Day 2 of #MarchMadness False
Vikings sign RB Latavius Murray False
Tax credit 'rape clause' becomes law without parliamentary vote False
Who wins and loses in Trump's proposed budget False
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day False
The Love Witch and witchcraft's appeal in the era of Trump True
Candid Hitler photos sell for $41,000 to an unidentified bidder False
No let-up in Cyprus bird poaching True
Suicide. True
Dream job True
Loving's Joel Edgerton and Ruth Negga speak volumes with few words, writes @jdrrr #review False
Alleged boob-biter Azealia Banks will not serve jail time for her 2015 assault case: False
The EPA is arguably the hardest-hit agency under Trump's budget and even greater than what the GOP envisioned False
If Trump weakens fuel economy standards, American innovation will suffer False
Cambodia's Deputy PM Sok An dies aged 66, government spokesman says (Pic: AP) False
McDonald's worker jumps through drive-thru in attempt to save a mother and her two kids False
The Fed just hiked rates for the 3rd time — that has a history of signaling a ‘major cyclical top for stocks’ False
Fed raises interest rates, remains on track to keep tightening False
WhatsApp just did a U-turn on its biggest change in years True
U. S. unseals charge against Jordanian woman in 2001 Jerusalem Sbarro bombing False
How Democrats will use the GOP health care bill against Republicans in 2018 False
Do You Remember The Characters In “Zootopia”? True
.@MarianHillMusic goes #Down again &amp; again in new video False
Kehlani cancels European tour to undergo emergency surgery: 

Get well soon @Kehlani! ❤️ False
Ben Affleck reveals that he has completed treatment for alcohol addiction False
Juelz Santana &amp; Dave East hit the streets in #TimeTicking feat. Bobby Shmurda &amp; Rowdy Rebel False
Uuuuuummmmmmmmmmm True
Rise of women over the age of 65 getting married to avoid spending a long retirement alone False
.@mattjcan urges states to 'pull their finger out' on gas exploration  #energy #auspol False
Emerging markets' nonchalant response to Fed rate-rise prospects contrasts with past tailspins False
Stephen Colbert and Obama's former WH photographer mock Kellyanne Conway for her microwave spying comment False
Analysis: Geert Wilders and the mainstreaming of white nationalism False
"Man, I weighed around 463 pounds. I wasn't feeling good at all. ... It was a difficult time." True
Kid Rock shoots foreign-made grills out of the sky with a shotgun True
How NATO and Russia interpret U.S. demands on European allies: False
34 ways to make your kitchen the best part of your home True
Nearly 6,000 flights canceled as blizzard hits Northeast False
Photos capture parents, infants at 'first hello' False
Jay Weatherill: energy plan is about reserving power for South Australians – video False
Act of (brotherly) love. True
Rex Tillerson used an alias email at Exxon to discuss climate change, New York A.G. says False
Democrats hope to use Obamacare rewrite to turn activism into change False
Police in Southern California use fire hose to force man vehicle before fatal shooting. False
.@BigStarBand remembered in #SXSW concert film "Thank You Friends" (watch an exclusive clip) False
Kellyanne Conway explains spying microwave claim by confirming she's "not Inspector Gadget' False
After 5 decades, “The Outsiders” shows no indication of becoming dated False
Trump set to meet Merkel, "Europe’s decider," after frosty start to relations False
"There’s no happy hour for menstruation": Tax liquor instead of tampons, lawmakers say False
LOOK: Climate change protesters carve message on Trump golf course green False
#AshishNehra believes that @MSDhoni is not looking too far to see if he will play the 2019 World or not. False
Wednesday's elections in the Netherlands will begin Europe's year of political reckoning False
The truth about the uninsured rate in America True
Revealed: How to completely banish stress in just THREE MINUTES True
People reveal the most humiliating message blunders at work True
Nettles and other 'thuggish' plants forcing out endangered wildflowers False
Emma Watson offers her thoughts on gay "Beauty and the Beast" character False
Drunken man steals forklift, crashes it, police say: False
Putin critic says he's one of the lucky ones: "I'm still here" False
Dutch election explained in tulips True
New York Jewish center reopens after receiving its second bomb threat in less than a week False
.@Maluma leaves his soul at a sold-out concert in Miami: "It is an honor to be here" False
Kellyanne Conway Blasts 'Haters' for Sexist Criticism False
Sean Spicer jokes about Melissa McCarthy impression of him during press briefing False
17 life-changing beauty products that are worth the investment True
Richard Gere criticizes Israeli settlements   via @Fox411 False
.@AlecBaldwin is back as Donald Trump to befriend aliens in #SNL cold open. False
Preet Bharara was told to submit his resignation. He refused. On Saturday, he announced that he had been fired. False
The week in finance: US rates going up, increase in Australian jobs expected  #ausbiz #ASX False
Plans for #Trump estate development in #Bali met with resistance from locals, some who refuse to sell their land False
Breaking News: U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara is refusing to resign, forcing a potential showdown with President Trump False
Iran wields growing influence in unexpected places True
40 Iraqis killed in suicide bombing near Shia shrine in Damascus False
Hiring managers are almost always looking for these 5 traits: True
Religious leader heads effort to help man facing deportation False
Sean Spicer called the jobs report “great news” 22 minutes after its release. A federal rule bars comment for 1 hour False
People reveal the EXACT moment they knew they'd met The One True
Proud Mom Julia Louis-Dreyfus Cheers On Her Son at NCAA B-Ball Game False
A beauty college had its computers hacked the day it went under, meaning students couldn't access their records False
House Republicans would let employers demand workers’ genetic test results False
Here’s how thieves can steal your smartphone pin code in just SECONDS True
22 hilariously terrible puns that’ll make you say, "ugh STOP" True
Volkswagen and Tata Motors are targeting a strategic alliance in India False
‘Game of Thrones’ reveals its Season 7 summer release date True
Judgment day for South Korea's President Park Geun-hye False
#HNDRXX keeps Future at No. 1 on Billboard Artist 100 Chart False
Browns expected to make a run at Jimmy Garoppolo, per @RapSheet False
All-Polish row True
An airline passenger made a scene over a $12 blanket — and the pilot diverted the plane False
.@2Chainz flexes hard on "Smartphone" False
.@Lorde releases new song, "Liability" False
The top 10 international companies for remote jobs in 2017 True
JUST IN: Outbreak of yellow fever in Brazil raises concerns that the disease could spread across borders like Zika False
Journalist David Fox 'grateful for lenient sentence' for drug possession  (Pic: AP) False
The force is strong with this Photoshop battle over @HamillHimself's hair ➡️  by @lee_moran False
#Centrelink debt-recovery 'compounding' Tasmanian financial pain, TasCOSS says False
.@TurnbullMalcolm to take lead on economy from @ScottMorrisonMP; Cabinet reshuffle looming False
'A Distinction Without a Difference': @RandPaul Rips House GOP's ObamaCare Plan False
Scarlett Johansson says she 'will never, ever' comment on divorce from Romain Dauriac False
Pro tip: How to get ready for the next 'Overwatch' hero Orisa False
Iran wields growing influence in unexpected places False
SNP's Mhairi Black caught telling Tory Minister in Commons: 'You talk s***e hen' False
A round up of the best pictures from #InternationalWomensDay 2017 #IWD2017 #BeBoldForChange False
Snapchat adds famous women to its selfie lenses for International Women's Day False
Say what? Twitter confused over Ben Carson's "hippocampus drilling" tale 🤔 False
KitKats are going to get less sugary False
Here's one sign that Abenomics is working True
UK tourist in Australia 'rape ordeal' released from hospital False
Waaaaahhhh! True
21 things you know if you live paycheck to paycheck False
"I stand here and I am amazing, for you. Not because of you." - @amyschumer   #IWD2017 False
Uber is now 'actively looking' for a new COO False
Central banks around the world are taking out crisis insurance in the form of foreign-currency reserves False
"I don't know how much more people can take it." @AlecBaldwin wants to retire his 'SNL' Trump impression False
This dad got his daughter a rainbow umbrella for the most heartfelt reason True
These women are ready to overturn Ireland's strict abortion ban False
Tornadoes slam Midwest, leaving behind a trail of destroyed homes and displaced residents False
This Japanese couple have been married for 37 years and wear matching outfits every day False
.@Adele panicked over a mosquito onstage at her show in Australia False
A struggling mall in Virginia has replaced storefronts with vending machines False
Tech companies condemn Trump's revised travel ban False
Rory Feek remembers late wife Joey, a year after her death False
"This behaviour hurts fellow marines, family members, and civilians," said Sgt Maj Ronald  Green in a statement False
Ben Carson: Slaves were immigrants who came here and worked really hard "for less" False
Blue Ivy wore a kids version of a $26,000 @gucci dress to the #BeautyandtheBeast premiere False
There’s already a rumor about the 2019 iPhones claiming they'll all have OLED screens False
The US just made a massive breakthrough in wind power usage False
This is what it’s like to work at Lisa Vanderpump’s restaurant True
This light-up bike helmet has built-in turn signals False
This one chart shows what Goldman expects Donald Trump to accomplish this year True
DELET True
Disturbing footage of circus animal abuse leads to widespread reform False
Google is the second most powerful brand in the world. See who’s first: True
14 Tumblr posts that’ll make you say “I’m glad I read all of that” True
After Oscar win, White Helmets are still saving lives in Syria: False
Charities are becoming a lot more generous with pay at the top False
A Japanese man was found dead on top of his six-ton porn stash: False
Men get close in these fascinating photos from the 1800s False
Watch Octavia Spencer mock "Hidden Fences" on #SNL False
NHS poll finds public think service getting worse False
"Nature made me a freak. Man made me a weapon. And God made it last too long"- #Logan @WolverineMovie @FoxStarIndia False
Lewandowski claims Obama WH listened in on Sessions, Russian envoy meetings False
Trump supporters declare pride in president, slam opponents False
Travel industry experts warn US tourism could take major hit under Trump False
Traveling to Europe could get much more tricky True
Momentum plans relaunch to end factional infighting False
What's the No. 1 ranking worth for the top golfers? Maybe nothing more than an ego boost. False
13 things to know about this week's charts: Michael Jackson's "Thriller" is all-time No. 1 R&amp;B/hip-hop album True
Watch the full pre-credits 'Deadpool 2' teaser, courtesy Ryan Reynolds. True
We break down what should and shouldn't be included on a resume: False
Donald Trump promised Michigan good jobs; now his supporters there expect him to deliver False
NEW: UN says if confirmed, chemical attacks in Mosul a war crime False
26 sex toys that actually get the job done True
After learning she didn't have long to live, she composed a dating profile for the man she'd leave behind True
Dad accused of dropping 5-year-old girl off bridge ready to stand trial, judge says False
Hunter Biden’s wife says he was unfaithful and blew money on drugs and prostitutes: False
Baby remains found in 'underground chambers' beneath former home for unmarried mothers True
D.C. Circuit Refuses to See Limits to Government Power and Inexcusably Upholds the Net Worth Sweep False
The funniest parenting tweets this week True
A St. Louis man has been charged with making more than half a dozen bomb threats against Jewish sites False
JUST IN: St. Louis man arrested for making some of the recent threats against Jewish Community Centers False
JUST IN: FBI arrests 31-year-old man in St. Louis, MO in connection with recent threats to Jewish Community Centers. False
What your views on Russia and Islam say about your politics True
Chris Brunt: If I’d got my hands on the coin-thrower I’d probably have spent the night in a cell  via @guardian_sport False
.@BackstreetBoys' Las Vegas residency is a thrilling trip down memory lane False
Clouded leopard cub is not only beyond cute, but a conservation breakthrough False
Delivery boy becomes the third richest man in China and is now worth £22billion True
FOX NEWS POLL:  A majority says 'move on' from protesting Trump   via @foxnewspoll False
People are desperately waiting for Nicki Minaj to respond to Remy Ma’s diss track False
Disney Channel has aired its first ever same-sex smooch False
ESPNW video reminds women they're "more than a body to be rated" False
Watch live: Chicago rapper @Noname, known for her collaborations with @chancetherapper, is performing at The Times False
David Pogue tested 40 Bluetooth earbuds to find the best of the best False
Kirk Cousins, Redskins seeking long-term contract extension, per @washingtonpost False
The hype train is taking off too quickly for some MLB prospects True
5 popular myths about visible signs of aging that are bogus True
Angela Merkel whips her party into action as her rival turns up the heat False
Watch the eerie new trailer for Selena Gomez-produced Netflix series #13ReasonsWhy False
MEPs seek to exempt citizens with joint EU citizenship from US travel ban False
The new Interior secretary rode a horse to work because why not True
Red Sox P David Price undergoes MRI after experiencing discomfort in left elbow False
Mount Etna, Europe’s most active volcano, puts on a show False
Here come initial jobless claims... True
Starvation now the enemy in killing fields of Sudan #Premium False
In their final days, Obama aides spread intelligence on Russian election hacking across the government False
John McDonnell sets out Labour's three priorities for the budget - Politics live False
"The troll is the bottom-feeder of internet culture, not a hero. But Trump himself gladly owned the slur." False
Cat rescued from inside chimney in North Carolina: "She was just happy to be out of there." False
Georges St. Pierre is set to face Michael Bisping. Date and venue TBD.

Who ya got? False
Josè Abreu told a Miami federal jury that he ate a chunk of a fake passport in order to sign with the White Sox. False
Former NFL CB Will Allen sentenced to six years in prison for his role in a Ponzi scheme False
Walmart employee in Texas records man's racist rant against "foreigners" False
Blurry vision? Middle-aged eyes? New 10-minute surgery helps some toss their reading glasses True
Your hair dye is killing you, according to this advocacy group  via @YahooBeauty True
The death of Kim Jong Nam: Malaysia charges two women with murder False
Full transcript: President Trump's joint address to Congress  via @YahooNews False
Pres. Trump: “We will soon begin the construction of a great, great wall along our southern border” #JointAddress False
YouTube announces cable-free TV subscription service False
Donald Trump tells news anchors at private lunch that he wants to be treated fairly False
Google has an idea for a goofy hat with a camera that works like Snap's Spectacles False
The MLS continues to grow in terms of number of teams. Profits are another story. False
For the first time in 146 years of record-keeping, Chicago hasn't measured even a dusting of snow in Jan. and Feb. False
North Korean delegation arrives in Malaysia to retrieve Kim Jong Nam's body; murder charges expected against 2 women False
WATCH LIVE: House Republicans speak to reporters after closed-door meeting False
A clever physics trick can reveal if your egg is hard boiled False
Her daughter was #kidnapped from #Amsterdam (European Union) and #smuggled to #Mumbai True
Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences apologizes for Oscars mix-up: False
Lost antique engagement ring found thanks to comments section in newspaper False
Merkel says Turkey’s arrest of a German reporter is “excessively hard” False
How health savings accounts (HSA) work False
This is quite a retreat from Hitler-in-Waiting: True
Jay Z will co-produce the film adaptation of Lin-Manuel Miranda's 'In the Heights': False
Bug that plagues soldiers is enemy no. 1 on WHO's superbug list True
Artichokes, leeks and onions could improve sleep and relieve stress False
Even George W. Bush defends the media against Trump, says "power can be very addictive" False
Nokia's most iconic device is back—Snake included False
In all his glory: Michelangelo's naked Christ comes to Britain False
President Trump: We'll call for "historic rise" in defense spending False
Is this proof men are useless in bed? Lesbians are much more likely to ORGASM during sex True
PwC issues 'sincere apology' for Oscars best picture envelope mistake False
Apple fixed an annoying iPhone battery bug and didn't tell people for weeks False
Must-have cooking tools for a health-conscious kitchen True
There is no way that the world will let go of the beloved, former US President, @BarackObama False
Did we just see the biggest #Oscars flub ever? True
Oscar winner of Best Foreign Language Film boycotted event because of Trump's "inhuman law." False
100 per cent renewable energy network affordable, secure and 'off the shelf': study False
.@khal told y'all Mahershala was on a wave back in October False
It's Oscar Night! So we've got a question:

No, not who will win. How well do you know your Disney sports movies? True
Kirsten Dunst, Ruth Negga and Felicity Jones take to the red carpet for the 2017 Oscars False
#QBE profit climbs 5pc, insurer announces $1b share buyback  #ausbiz False
Constitutional carry - NH no longer requires a license for pistols. False
Republicans divided on Russia probe, calls for special prosecutor over AG Sessions False
No 10 policy head says disability payments should go to the 'really disabled' - not those who suffer from anxiety False
SOON. True
HP embraces 'lapability' with new Pro x2 detachable PC False
H.R. McMaster as national security adviser "will really be a test of Trump as commander in chief" False
Iron ore is getting a reality check False
Donald Trump’s approval rating lowest in history at one month mark False
Online treatment reduces chronic knee pain from arthritis True
Championship swag.

Cubs receive custom gloves in honor of World Series title False
Thermonuclear take. True
Craig Venter's last chance to secure his legacy: decoding death False
Seann Walsh: ‘I wrote a line for The Thick Of It – it's probably my proudest moment’ False
With new pieces, the Raptors show why they’re the biggest threat to the Cavs in the East False
These men brutally killed a #Kangaroo True
Want to quit your job? Ask yourself these three questions first: True
What’s the latest buzz in electric cars? Speed, baby! False
Which Iconic Kim Kardashian Instagram Photo Got The Most Likes? False
American bans Syrian behind nominated film from attending Oscars True
If Trump wants pipes built in America, what does that mean? True
California state senator removed after criticizing late lawmaker over Vietnam War False
The Interpreter: Stephen K. Bannon’s CPAC Comments, Annotated and Explained False
#LaLaLand Mandy Moore is not #ThisIsUs Mandy Moore False
Get well soon! Lionel Richie postpones #AllTheHits2017 tour with Mariah Carey to recover from knee procedure False
Give Yourself A Mani And We’ll Tell You Your Age And Location True
Several news outlets excluded from White House press gaggle Friday afternoon. False
“Beauty is the courage to showing your real self. There’s beauty in truth.” False
A collection of CEO Travis Kalnick's most cringeworthy quotes about Uber's sexist work culture True
Owner of grim Chinese park admits he feeds dead animals to the other inhabitants False
Donors pledge $672m at Oslo summit to avert famine in Nigeria and Lake Chad False
Owner of grim Chinese park admits he feeds dead animals to the other inhabitants False
Transgender cub scout nails why Trump is wrong to remove protections for trans students True
Donald Trump says he wants to expand the US nuclear arsenal and make it the 'top of the pack' False
People with long-term stress might be more likely to be obese, study finds. False
Caught on video: This plane's landing gear collapsed upon landing False
3 questions you should ask before quitting your job: True
14 reasons people who fasten their bras in the front are doing it right True
.@BillboardDance Chart Upstarts: @JaxJones, @R3hab &amp; @filous False
Uber blocks employees from chatting on an anonymous app at work, the app's developer says True
How West Elm puts furniture know-how to work in their scenic Brooklyn headquarters: True
Well, then. True
The Kushner family owns 13 million square feet of real estate in 6 different states False
.@YoungScooter links with @YoungThug on new cut "Cook Up" (premiere)  / via @billboardhiphop False
Steve Bannon at CPAC: One of the priorities of the Trump White House is “deconstruction of the administrative state” False
British woman killed in South Africa after robbers torture her with blow torch and leave her husband for dead False
More than 1 out of 4 job listings are going unfilled in America, but that’s a good sign False
Cheesemaker Sargento is expanding a recall over potential listeria contamination False
Seth Meyers shuts down Trump's wall, exposing so many inconsistencies False
Bernie Sanders loyalists are taking over the Democratic Party one county office at a time False
Tom Watson given £500k in donations by Max Mosley in past year False
Trump’s new national security adviser may undo the president's early foreign-policy changes False
PHOTOS: Exhibition of Princess Diana dresses opens to the public False
Trump’s new national security adviser may shake up the White House's foreign policy teams True
Conservative provocateur James O'Keefe says he plans to release video 'exposing CNN' False
They want nothing else. True
“My Life as a Zucchini," with $0 in ticket sales, competes with Disney's "Zootopia" for the animated feature Oscar False
Open invitation. True
Could the GOP's health insurance fix raise premiums for older patients? False
"Demonic activity palpable" at President Trump’s rally, pastor says False
SpaceX forced to abort docking its Dragon space capsule due to a software glitch False
One of the world's most hotly #debated subjects is that of #pineapplepizzas! What team are you on? False
If he had his way, Iceland's President would ban pineapple pizza False
These photos posted by people of color in love make a beautiful point False
Rihanna now has more top 10 Billboard singles than Michael Jackson False
Chinese Tesla wannabe is pushing ahead with plan to sell its first SUV by late 2019 False
Sit back and let the #NoBallChallenge take over your timeline False
Why aggressive political humor is paying off for Stephen Colbert   via @YahooTV False
Analysis: More than 3 in 10 Republicans now have a favorable view of Putin False
Cops help 10-year-old girl with homework after she messaged them on Facebook False
UK should expect a very hefty bill for Brexit, says Jean-Claude Juncker False
Publishers are having a field day now Milo Yiannopoulos’ book deal has been cancelled False
How long before the Dow Jones Industrial Average reaches 21,000? True
Making financial goals reality, with the help of trusted partners False
The Barren Island volcano, India's only live volcano, is active again False
Majority of parents with children at home don't lock up prescribed opioids, study finds. False
Student debt in America just hit a new record False
Hate facts. True
8 gemstones for your engagement ring that aren’t diamonds False
Russia is again stirring tensions in the Balkans, as NATO keeps an uneasy peace False
House Republicans tout healthcare plan, however, Democrats call it inadequate False
Dead cockroaches make excellent magnets! #WTF True
A Somali hijabi model walked for Kanye’s Yeezy fashion line and it was badass AF True
Donald Trump "has fanned the flames of intolerance," says Republican Rep. Mark Sanford False
Women reveal the horrors they endured as ISIS sex slaves False
Abu Dhabi awards China’s CNPC a stake in its largest oil concession for $1.8 billion False
Boston police build a kitty condo for a stray cat they've dubbed "SWAT Cat" False
Separatists in #Kashmir are rescheduling their protest because of #Mahashivratri! False
Emails show that Jared Kushner took a stricter approach on ethics than President Trump False
Millennials aren't moving, and it's a sign of a big problem False
Britain set to be hotter than Saudi Arabia on warmest February 20th for 160 years False
#TheWalkingDead just gave us the reunion we've been waiting for: False
Brian Williams... complaining about damage to journalism's reputation. 

Brian.
Williams. False
Pakistan's maverick all-rounder #ShahidAfridi has announced his retirement from international cricket. False
Alt-right v anti-fascist True
Michael Novak, Catholic Scholar Who Championed Capitalism, Dies at 83 False
Wish more arts interviews ended with “The rest of the info is right there, chief, I got nothing else to say to you.” True
Roland Mouret brings high-voltage to a grey Sunday in fashion week False
Donald Trump hasn't filled 94 per cent of federal positions a month into his presidency False
Americans are so stressed, it's breaking records False
These California teachers mocked students for skipping school on immigrant boycott day False
Ecuador election: First round voting begins False
Hollywood studios may face lawsuit for failing to hire female directors False
Bill Gates urges sharper military focus on bioterror False
Abundant fish draw 1 million penguins to beach False
The world's fattest woman has lost 66lbs in FIVE DAYS ahead of lifesaving treatment in India False
Could there be other Universes with different versions of ourselves out there? True
Hillary Clinton absolutely burns Michael Flynn with a single tweet True
Pledging to “make the Netherlands ours again,” Dutch politician Geert Wilders called Moroccan immigrants “scum” False
Snapchat's most embarrassing 'life fails' that have won over the internet True
Twin Peaks actor Warren Frost dies at 91 False
Here's why cats sleep so much True
It's #NationalDrinkWineDay 

Which nationalities need absolutely no excuse to tuck into a nice bottle of plonk? True
How Trump skipped the military brass in negotiations with defense companies False
Milo Yiannopoulos attacks Lena Dunham, Leslie Jones and Amy Schumer during controversial TV appearance False
Secret Teacher: our 'perfect' school is just keeping up appearances False
Why we never really get over that first love True
President Trump's stock market rally is the best for a new president since LBJ and JFK False
Immigrants caught entering the U.S. illegally have no right to legal representation, federal appeals court rules False
This giant gray blobby thing has become a huge meme in Russia for some reason True
JUST IN: Scott Pruitt confirmed as EPA Chief despite new firestorm over emails False
#OnThisDay in 1600: Giordano Bruno is burnt alive for his science, 42 years before Galileo #premium False
Is this the 'master switch' that prevents Parkinson's disease? True
#ICYMI: @realDonaldTrump is wasting his time complaining about #media coverage, says PM @TurnbullMalcolm False
A man who tried to take his own life has been given a 'miracle' face transplant False
London's new high-tech phone boxes have one problem: they don't work False
FBI: South Carolina man arrested after threatening 'Dylann Roof-style attack.' False
Trump’s pick for ambassador to Israel recants harsh attacks, slurs False
Photo series documents the life of some of China's "left behind" children True
Fake news story claims Bill Gates believes Trump will be “one of the greatest presidents” False
Trump announces Alexander Acosta as his new pick for secretary of labor  via @YahooNews False
The new season of @AHSFX will tackle its most terrifying subject yet: the 2016 election False
US stress levels highest in 10 years following Donald Trump's election victory False
Snapchat slashes company valuation ahead of stock market flotation False
Compelling evidence that where you're born in a family shapes your entire life True
Americans are so stressed, it's breaking records False
Chicago toddler’s shooting has chillingly been captured on Facebook Live False
Treasury hits back at 'scaremongering' over business rate changes False
Rhode Island man receives prison time for fatally beating neighbor's small dog with cane: False
"In 1979 my father was awarded a declaration for his resistance to a dictatorship..." False
'Transilient' photo series documents the true lives of transgender Americans False
Donald Trump declines to fill out 2017 NCAA tournament bracket on ESPN False
Time Warner shareholders vote to approve AT&amp;T merger False
Inflation may have already hit the Fed's target False
Boogie is walking on eggshells

It’s now or never for DeMarcus Cousins and the Kings False
Amazon drones could parachute packages to people's houses False
To succeed, entrepreneurs think like immigrants: willing to venture into the unknown False
Um, if you need to procrastinate today play this Beyoncé-themed game False
Lars Ulrich on Metallica's #GRAMMYs sound issues: "You just gotta keep playing" False
Following Trump's order, the IRS takes first shots at Obamacare's individual mandate False
College students express deep thoughts on international affairs. False
Ukip donor Arron Banks accuses Liverpudlians of 'milking' Hillsborough tragedy which killed 96 False
.@cpyne says Government has 'no intention' of increasing taxes to fund NDIS program False
Russian aircraft buzzed U.S. Navy ship three times in a day, Pentagon says. False
Amazon's delivery drones may drop packages via parachute False
This 22-year-old is already an engineer with Nasa. What have you done with your life? True
How to fight the horrendous battery drain bug currently plaguing iPhone users False
Lawsuit ensues over comment about Venus Williams by ESPN commentator at Australian Open: False
Who is Donald McGahn? True
Chaffetz investigating security protocols at Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort   via @foxnewspolitics False
An ethics agency has called for a probe into Kellyanne Conway's touting of Ivanka Trump products False
Host a Valentine's Day dinner for local refugees with this digital toolkit False
Trump knew Flynn misled officials on Russia calls for "weeks" before he was forced to resign False
Dubai is buying 200 Tesla vehicles as part of its ambitious self-driving taxi plan False
Tory MP opposed to selective education admits sending his children to grammar schools False
Russian Embassy defends Michael Flynn with super-weird tweet True
All is fair in love and greeting card industry war in Netflix's 'Girlfriend's Day' False
Michigan State suspends women's gymnastics coach linked to sex abuse complaints False
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day False
Might be more prudent to only write headlines about communists NOT being outraged True
Derek and Hannah Jeter expecting their first child False
Far-right Dutch MP Geert Wilders promises to 'de-Islamise' the Netherlands False
A team of contractors has arrived on #ManusIsland to begin interviews with #refugees about resettlement in the US False
.@camilacabello97 looks ahead to her post-Fifth Harmony solo career False
Hamas picks hard-liner as new leader in Gaza False
Neil Gaiman webchat – post your questions now False
But last week she said we didn't need evidence. DID PUTIN GET TO HER?!!?? True
Ice tells the story of a changing world, and it is not in denial about climate change False
Singer Joy Villa wears Trump dress to the Grammys False
DeVos attacks continue; critics incorrectly blame her for Twitter typo False
John Travolta struggles with teleprompter at the #GRAMMYs  via @Fox411 True
"America First"and "Made in India" head for a showdown at air show False
Why the #BAFTAs wouldn’t be as British without Stephen Fry as host False
Red faces at #Fed Cup as Nazi-era anthem played before US-#Germany match 🇩🇪 (Pic: AP) False
Caught red-handed - Mexican citizen sentenced for illegal voting. False
'SNL' Weekend Update crams a week of Trump missteps into 8 minutes False
Over 8 lakh people have won a total of Rs 133 crore in the last 50 days under the #NitiAayog's scheme! @narendramodi False
How to dress for Valentine's Day? Hold the romantic frills, please, writes @K_Finnigan #Premium True
Wellness guru says going food-free for 16 hours twice a week can boost your energy and help you lose weight False
22 products that prove capitalism has gone too far True
It's not just Nordstrom -- online sales of Ivanka Trump's fashion brand plunged in January False
Why do people choke under pressure? Psychology professor Sian Beilock uncovers the science True
These are the most sustainable companies in the world: True
Who should win the #Grammy for Best Tropical Latin Album? Vote! True
Liverpool v Tottenham Hotspur: Premier League – live!  via @guardian_sport False
Trump cites voter fraud in NH without providing evidence False
Parenting For Idiots: celebs' boring baby stories may remind you of your own True
"Alcohol, pets and meat products are not allowed in the house," an ad reads. "Neither are Trump supporters." True
PaycomVoice: 3 things employers should know about wage garnishments
 @Paycom True
'Cloverfield' director Matt Reeves has reportedly been offered the next 'Batman.' False
Aussies scorched by heat wave while Northeast bundles up False
The doggy 'military kit' for pooches on patrol in Afghanistan False
This restaurant’s comfort food will make you want to be a kid again True
Nordstrom stock soared by 7 percent after Trump slammed the retailer on Twitter False
Greeks prepare to evacuate 75,000 to defuse WWII bomb False
The number of Patriots players who will not visit the White House is now at six True
Museum shuts down Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump installation over safety concerns False
Government drops plans to let Trump speak to Parliament False
Japan's PM Abe 'seeks trust with Trump' on US visit False
Quote of the day: False
Look up tonight and you’ll see a comet, an eclipse, and a full moon False
#ICYMI: Why was @elizabethforma silenced in the US Senate? #ShePersisted False
Baby boy born with four legs and two penises has operation False
As Trump and Abe meet, investors watch for dollar-yen clues False
The Highlights of the Ruling on Trump’s Immigration Order False
Pres. Trump agrees to honor 'one China' policy in call with Chinese President Xi Jinping. False
Trump’s border wall may cost billions more than he originally stated, new report says False
Grab your sh*t, we have to go help get Martha Stewart's truck out of the snow False
Michigan State suspends three players as it investigates allegations of sexual assault False
#ICYMI: @TurnbullMalcolm-@realDonaldTrump call making Beijing nervous to pick up the phone False
George and Amal Clooney are reportedly expecting twins! False
.@MeghanMcCain slams Kellyanne Conway for telling people to buy Ivanka Trump products False
😳 Anthony Anderson says he learned proper oral sex technique from his... mom False
"I started breaking my ribs": Fashion week models hit back against the pressure to lose weight False
Miami Marlins claim to have $1.6 billion handshake agreement for team False
#OutFront: HIV-positive counselor shares his story to help others  via @NBCOUT False
These are the most international universities in the world in 2017 True
Strong demand for soda in North America boosts Coca-Cola False
Everything you need to know about Google’s new smartwatches True
The football pitch is the only place where I can be a lad with my lad #premium False
A machine that used to be considered punishment is now a $1.4 billion fitness industry True
Thordis Elva was sixteen when she was raped by her boyfriend, Tom Stranger False
Pope Francis condemns Myanmar's treatment of "peaceful" Rohingya refugees False
Do you think John Oliver would make a good James Bond? False
JUST IN: U.S. Senate confirms Jeff Sessions as Attorney General by a vote of 52-47. False
With a new year and president, it’s time to freshen up your asset allocation False
Melania Trump critised for planning to use First Lady position as "unique opportunity to launch commercial brand" False
Border officers in Texas find nearly 2 tons of weed camouflaged as limes False
Ready, set, grovel! Desperate runners battle for slots in trendy races True
.@thesushmitasen spoke about the change in the roles essayed by women in the Hindi film industry False
'Access doesn't mean a damn thing': Sanders slams Cruz during CNN debate False
7 'green' buildings from around the world prove that architecture can be environment-friendly True
The world's strangest 'graveyards' where unwanted products are left to rot False
Stash some cash -- You're one surprise event away from going broke True
Lady Gaga, Metallica to duet at #Grammys False
Trump’s energy plan doesn’t mention solar, an industry that just added 51,000 jobs False
Judge to hear arguments over Pres Trump's immigration exec. order False
The UK Commons speaker said he opposes having Trump address Parliament, citing his "opposition to racism and sexism" False
This top Brooklyn chef has been leaving an important message about immigrants on receipts False
Female MPs will boycott if Donald Trump addresses Houses of Parliament False
Jessa Duggar Seewald and Ben Seewald welcome their second child: False
This EpiPen alternative costs just $10 False
Can You Guess What These Dogs Are Looking At? True
"We're not trading DeMarcus. We hope he's here for a long time." False
It looked like a glorious night of Schadenfreude for Patriots loathers. Then it all changed. True
A "corruption tour" in Mexico shines light on the nation's murky world of graft: True
If you look closely, Lady Gaga’s Halftime Show seemed very, very political True
What it was like on the streets of Boston after the Patriots won the Super Bowl  #Daily360 True
The cheapest place for a last-minute half-term holiday True
How do you say "haram" in Snowflake? True
New England Patriots player to skip post-Super Bowl White House visit in Donald Trump protest False
How Hyundai reunited troops with their families for a Super Bowl surprise False
Thomson said Tunisia was '100% safe', Sousse attack survivor tells inquest False
Watch Melissa McCarthy give White House Press Secretary Sean Spice the "SNL" treatment False
People are selling makeup from dumpster dives True
Politicians, celebs react to Patriots' historic Super Bowl win: False
Tom Brady says his Super Bowl jersey was stolen: False
Meet the last rat catcher of #India! True
On-The-Field Report: Lady Gaga leaves her heart on the dance floor at #SuperBowl 2017 False
Six the other way! 

Robert Alford picks off Tom Brady and goes 82 yards to the house

🎥: False
HALFTIME: @AtlantaFalcons 21, @Patriots 3. Watch #SuperBowl live on Fox Sports Go False
This heartbreaking video tells the story of two child refugees, 80 years apart False
These could be the funniest photobombs of all time 😂 True
100 genius hacks guaranteed to make a parent’s job easier True
Trump-branded heroin produces the latest "Florida man" headline. False
Illinois mother dies in house fire after saving newborn baby's life False
The NYPD is holding a man in connection with the killing of a jogger in Queens in August False
Conor McGregor on possible WWE appearance at some point: "Never say never” False
Volkswagen faces new front on emissions legal action False
Must-have 'fatbit' fitness gadgets can exaggerate your step count by 25% every day True
How tearing apart Nafta could wreak havoc on supply chains False
She saved the life of the girl she babysits! #Respect #humanity False
Premier League: Leicester City v Manchester United – live! False
Women are clapping back at Trump with the #DressLikeAWoman hashtag False
Idris Elba cracks up while getting dating advice from kids False
Appeals court shoots down DOJ request to restore travel ban False
Marine Le Pen 'hates faces that don't look like hers' False
Are You Actually Masturbating Like Everybody Else Or Not? True
Lion siblings pictured battling fiercely in Zimbabwe before making up moments later False
Justice Department appeals to court, seeks stay to restore Trump travel ban False
CenturyLinkVoice: The Super Bowl: A cybersecurity perspective True
Growing number of women leading US police departments False
Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan wins Atlanta team's first MVP award ahead of Super Bowl False
LaDainian Tomlinson, Kurt Warner among seven @ProFootballHOF inductees

Full list: False
Really? True
This man links Putin and Trump. He was fired from his job for encouraging genocide True
Rodrigo Duterte: Philippines leader 'not ready' to talk to rebels False
The NFL approach to concussion care stands in stark contrast to what everyone else gets False
Draymond Green thinks Charles Barkley should be muted anytime a champion's name comes up 😂 False
Elon Musk says he's 'doing good' on Trump's advisory council False
One of the most powerful women in finance gives her career advice to young Wall Streeters True
For TV series set in Chicago, grim facts collide with fiction True
NEW: Senior commander of Iran's elite Revolutionary Guard says if enemies do wrong, missiles will come down on them False
Ikea plans to roll out a new range of rugs and textiles made by Syrian refugees in 2019 False
#ICYMI: Tree changers swapping city life for a regional and rural lifestyle False
The All-Star fund launches with $100 million to get pro athletes access to tech unicorns False
The FCC is already declining to enforce net neutrality False
"And make a difference we must": @priyankachopra False
West Wing real estate offers a telling look at the pecking order inside Trump's White House False
Why Italians might be the biggest economic losers in the era of the euro True
A family found a rattlesnake in their toilet — then 23 more False
Nordstrom drops Ivanka Trump brand from its stores False
Senior White House administration officials tell @ABC News new sanctions on Iran could come "as soon as tomorrow." False
#ICYMI: What it's like to start the school year in hospital False
Snap Inc., owner of Snapchat, seeks to raise up to $3 billion in an initial public offering. False
Resources Minister opens $5 billion infrastructure fund for clean-coal power stations False
Primary rigger says what? True
What will be the future of net neutrality under Trump? False
Chance the Rapper, Little Big Town, Sturgill Simpson &amp; more to perform at the #GRAMMYs False
CEO of Swatch predicts 2017 will be a good year for Swiss watches False
A 30-second ad during Super Bowl 51 is estimated to cost $5 million False
ICYMI: A recruit's successful prank made Urban Meyer break his phone.

Meyer's return prank brought tears: True
Uganda. True
#Police probe on the @Infosys murder has opened a Pandora's Box of #securitylapses, much to the company's detriment False
7-year-old South Carolina boy discovers bag of cash stashed away at gas station  via @Gaydosland False
Supporters from two of Holland's top football clubs brawl in a pre-arranged '20-20 fight' False
Did Donald Trump piss off two of our biggest allies? True
Romania's new left-wing government legalises corruption after one month in power False
John Wetton, the frontman for Asia and King Crimson, has died at 67 False
Daft Punk first performance sine 2014 has been announced False
Congress proposed 82 tax bills in January. Here are the highlights:  via @YahooFinance False
Facebook ordered to pay $500 million over Oculus VR lawsuit — but still comes out a winner False
.@SenOrrinHatch: Democrats Acting Like 'Juvenile Idiots' to Delay #Trump Nominees False
UN experts called President Trump’s executive order discriminatory and a breach of human rights obligations False
Gabrielle Union launches hair care line for women with textured hair False
How to ask for a promotion or pay rise – live chat False
When John Hurt broke the mould: the story behind The Elephant Man's radical make-up

#Premium False
The 7 best Lady Gaga songs for karaoke True
Pres. Trump immigration order under scrutiny as Democrats debate Jeff Sessions vote. False
A computer just beat poker pros, a major AI milestone False
'Anti-democratic and un-American': Bruce Springsteen slams Donald Trump's 'Muslim ban' False
Why can't Trump ditch the economic nationalism? The rest of his agenda makes sense, writes @JeremyWarnerUK #Premium False
"I was laughing, clearly he did some homework. ... He Googled me and found some things." True
There's a secret room behind Mount Rushmore that is inaccessible to tourists False
Kesha claims Dr. Luke won't support her new album &amp; wants to leave her penniless False
Canada homeless charity turns car into pop-up shop False
Thai official resigns after stealing paintings in Japan False
Do You Eat These Things In One Or Two Bites? True
Morocco rejoins the African Union more than 3 decades after withdrawal False
Opinion: Republicans are alarmed to discover Trump is doing exactly what he said he would  via @Milbank False
Russia domestic violence: One woman's narrow escape True
Coca-Cola opposes Trump's travel ban, joining the ranks of companies publicly condemning it False
Netflix picked up at least 10 titles and spent over $36.5 million at Sundance Film Festival False
Parliament set to debate Donald Trump's UK state visit after petition to cancel it gets more than 700,000 signatures False
Scandal, radicals and insurgencies – all bets are off for the French presidency | Pierre Haski False
Dallas Fed manufacturing rises/falls to 22.1 in January (15.0 expected) False
North Carolina lawmakers won’t publicly commit to "bathroom bill" repeal False
John Prescott had the perfect smack down for Ukip MP over Trump’s ‘Muslim ban’ False
Government is guilty of dereliction of duty on social care funding | John Beer False
China’s jetliner dream built with U.S., European parts False
.@msdhoni is guiding @imVkohli through ODI captaincy True
A Reality Check of President Donald Trump's first week in office False
Justin Bieber got pinned to the boards during the NHL All-Star Celebrity Shootout. False
John Legend slams Donald Trump at PGA Awards: "America has to be better than that" False
How to make the most of your Sundays: True
10 men whose #DesertIslandDiscs you must listen to True
Research shows young girls are less likely to think of women as "really, really smart" False
How a quiet word from Prince Charles convinced a director to make film restoring the reputation of Lord Mountbatten False
.@serenawilliams' story is #inspiring @AustralianOpen False
16 perfect tweets about gender that will make you whisper “Yes, thank you” under your breath True
Sunday on @FacetheNation: Reince Priebus, John McCain, Keith Ellison and the U.K. ambassador False
Trump and Putin make counter-terror top priority in first call False
Trump signs order to revamp National Security Council False
Trump says new travel restrictions  "working out very nicely" as White House seeks to justify executive order False
The Human Snake: Girl, 16, sheds her skin every six weeks False
See inside Taylor Swift's $25M mansion False
Google CEO Sundar Pichai criticized Trump's immigration order in a staff email False
Matthew McConaughey: ‘My agent said no to romcoms. And then there was nothing’ False
People are extremely confused by this BBC journalist's hands True
Warnings of rising xenophobia on Holocaust Remembrance Day False
China marks Lunar New Year with prayers, incense, fireworks False
What to Stream: 3 Mary Tyler Moore movies  via @YahooMovies False
Nigeria's central bank lashes out at critics of its efforts to prop up the currency False
How the Trump administration keeps bungling social media False
Little maestro expertly commands the band in an Istanbul subway False
Eating at Disneyland's newest restaurant costs as much as your rent False
"We have a word for people who are dominated by fear. We call them cowards."  via @nytopinion False
Trump says new vetting will keep "radical Islamic terrorists" out of U.S. False
'It's a Disgrace': Trump Slams Attacks on Barron, Calls SNL a 'Disaster' False
Woman whose accusations led to lynching of Emmett Till admits she made it all up False
Tristan Thompson is just trying to get a W False
Talking to robots might make you feel better about your love life, new research shows False
A list of priority infrastructure projects prepared for Trump includes on green energy False
French President François Hollande: The Trump administration poses challenges for Europe False
“I always liked my name, until Amazon gave it to a robot.” True
Here's what it will take to rewind the doomsday clock True
.@theresa_may and @realDonaldTrump to hold face-to-face talks False
Australia leads international push to protect far eastern curlew from extinction False
The agency feels the #ISI angle merits further #probe
#NIA False
Mike Connors, Glass-Jawed Star of ‘Mannix,’ Dies at 91 False
Iraq says it's close to fully implementing its share of the OPEC output cut False
Former Army surgeon pursues appeal and insists he's innocent in "Fatal Vision" killings: False
Scientists are turning dragonflies into tiny cyborg drones False
Doomsday clock moves closer to midnight following Trump election: False
It’s "ridiculous" to say the Defense Department is trolling Trump on Twitter, Pentagon says False
That "screw our president" kid at D.C. protest is apparently Drew Carey's son False
President Trump on the Dow 20,000 milestone: "I’m very proud of that" False
Fiat Chrysler profit doubles as costs fall False
Mexico’s president may cancel his meeting with Trump next week, amid an uproar over plans to build a wall False
Discarded laptop reveals details of Brussels and Paris attack plans False
Italian court ruling could pave way for elections False
.@DannyGokey debuts at No. 1 on Top Christian Albums chart False
Turkey faces long and difficult fight against Isis in Syria False
Cisco’s deal to buy AppDynamics could be the first in a wave of unicorn buyouts False
The "M'Lady" mask slips: True
Your daily guide to what's happening in the Trump administration True
The #Celtics will feature the General Electric logo on their jerseys next season False
Just in: Dow hits 20,000 for the 1st time ever. It's up 1,667 points since President Trump's victory in November. False
10-year-old Chicago boy home safe after car was stolen with him still inside. False
UK government to publish Brexit plans False
She was the #posterchild for a #humanrightsorganisation, but lived in a #shack fabricated out of discarded plywood False
Leading nutritionist on what you SHOULDN'T be having for breakfast True
Astonishing moment a polar bear popped its head into the kitchen of a boat in the Arctic False
A dispute over St. Petersburg’s grand Orthodox cathedral stirs up Russia’s anti-Semitic conspiracies False
Michael Jackson's daughter Paris says he was "absolutely" murdered False
Viola Davis makes history with her third Oscar nod. We might be in for an epic speech. False
Dev Patel is only the third Indian actor ever to receive an Oscar nod False
The 16-year-old recently rejected a £5 million offer for a #website he #designed in his bedroom! False
Ergo, we need to create economic opportunities to prevent radicalization... or something. False
Here are the Oscar nominees for Best Picture False
Schoolboy who killed himself did other pupils' homework, court told False
The supreme court decision on article 50 – our panel responds False
Jimmy Kimmel shares some "alternative facts" about himself False
UK Supreme Court rules PM Theresa May cannot trigger #Brexit without parliamentary approval  #Article50 False
President Trump reinstated a Reagan-era ban on the use of foreign aid for abortion counseling False
'Harry Potter' head paints tribute to Hogwarts in incredible timelapse False
Here are all of Ed Sheeran's videos: Vote for your favorite True
'We were too scared to report it': Express abductions on the rise in crisis-hit Venezuela #premium False
Stephen Colbert to host the 2017 Emmy Awards in September. False
Thing is, all of these programs will cut themselves off 100% if we just "leave them alone." True
What we love about Milton Keynes #MK50 False
We're tracking the economic changes in the U.S. starting from Inauguration Day and beyond: False
Chile seeks international aid amid some of worst wildfires in its history False
CenturyLinkVoice: New year. New you. Better IT network. True
It took exactly 15 minutes for this female politician to be asked why she’s childless True
Iceland gripped by rare murder case as woman's body is found False
The Dallas Stars brilliantly troll Donald Trump False
Trump press secretary disputes reports of low turnout at inauguration False
Chile forest fires: Troops join fight against worst fires in decades False
It's funny because they're sad and helpless. True
5 things Google's Pixel phone can do that the iPhone can't True
Manhattan’s brazen bucket-of-gold thief, famous from viral video, is caught in Ecuador False
Powerful 7.9 earthquake hits Solomon Islands False
This $1 million watch is made of genuine Swiss cheese False
Death toll from Pakistan bomb blast rises to 25 False
Pope Francis warns against rise in populism False
The most amazing celebrity biopic transformations  via @YahooCelebrity True
I actually can't get enough hill dawg True
No U.S.-China trade war? Here's your best playbook  via @Bfly True
Florida and Texas dominate this year's list of where to invest in housing: False
.@Cher calls 'Hardball' to talk Trump, Women's March: "People from all over the world don't like him" False
Here are all the best signs from Women's Marches across America False
COMING UP: President Donald Trump to speak at CIA headquarters after visit False
Newspapers around the world dedicate their front pages to Donald Trump's presidential debut False
The man who is fighting for independence of the tiny West African nation of Biafra... from a council flat in Peckham False
For former Soviet republics, Russia has a new playbook False
Bill Maher highlights extent of opioid abuse in Trump-voting states ➡️ by @lee_moran False
Snapchat snaps back at ex-employee's lawsuit False
Barack Obama's barber shares some wonderful stories about cutting the President's hair False
217 arrested after some D.C. protests on Inauguration Day turn violent, police say False
World landmarks recreated with Lego True
.@MondoCozmo's "Shine" crowns Adult Alternative Songs False
Hillary Clinton's gut-wrenching day True
US airstrike kills more than 100 alleged al-Qaida militants in Syria, Pentagon says False
Samsung will blame 'irregular sized' batteries, manufacturing problems for exploding Note 7 False
Full text of speech True
Donald Trump's 10 weirdest ever facial expressions True
Three members of Kuwait's ruling family are jailed for five years for insulting country's top judges online False
Breaking down Trump's 20 million Twitter followers: False
Giannis on the rise? 

B/R ranks the top superstars halfway through the season False
There are 450 charter buses with parking permits for the inauguration. 1,800 are registered for the Women’s March. False
BPM festival shooting: a DJ at the scene shares her chilling account False
ICYMI: Even though he averages a triple-double, Russell Westbrook will not start in the All-Star game.

See who is: True
How President Obama spent his final day in office True
Utah couple's life transformed by quadruplets False
#Moscow replied to the expulsion of its diplomats by calling the American govt “losers” &amp; threatened retaliation False
The new iPhone 8 will recognise its owner's FACE False
Voting reform and changing demographics will end a baseball outrage  via @BV False
Rumor: Next Adidas Yeezy Boosts releasing in February False
Democrats to allow votes on two Trump nominees, but promise tougher road ahead False
.@teganandsara launch fight for equality &amp; justice with Hollywood event False
Animal rights activists went on a cross-country anti-fur rampage. Final stop: Federal prison. False
Taliban explosives expert accidentally kills himself and his four sons when bomb he was making explodes False
So there is a traveling exercise class that combines beer and yoga False
Here's everything President Obama watched in his eight years: 

🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿 True
Quote of the day: True
ON @GMA: Everything you need to know about the Inauguration of Donald Trump: False
After hinting support, McCain says he's undecided on Trump's pick for Secretary of State  via @EDeMarche False
The nominee for health secretary is vague on replacing the Affordable Care Act False
The most common passwords in 2016 are truly terrible True
Mike Baird: How NSW's Premier went from popular to the political scrapheap  (Pic: AAP) False
Watch live: Outgoing NSW Premier @mikebairdMP holds press conference over resignation from politics False
Soulja Boy calls out Kanye West's fashion influence: "He's old" False
Here are five things Trump could do quickly in financial deregulation push True
Obama is holding his final news conference with the White House press corps False
1 Weird Sign That You Should Be Considering Retirement True
Who are Trump's 20 million Twitter followers? We investigate: True
Maroon 5 &amp; Kendrick Lamar's "Don't Wanna Know" tops the #PopSongs chart False
CBS NEWS POLL: More Americans disapprove than approve Trump's handling of transition False
Antonio Brown issues apology for Facebook Live post following win over Chiefs False
Everything you need to know about the DNC race True
11 heartwarming and hilarious stories about LGBT parents coming out to their kids True
1 Weird Sign That You Should Be Considering Retirement True
This new trading app helps investors react to real-time events False
MORE: Chelsea Manning is set to be freed on May 17, 2017. False
The GOP’s dilemma: As Obamacare repeal nears, government health care is suddenly in vogue False
Of course Ellen butchered @RaeSremmurd's name on TV but it's pretty forgivable False
JUST IN: President Obama interrupts @PressSec’s last White House press briefing False
7 hidden iPhone tricks that only power users know about True
Afghan 'green-eyed girl' Sharbat Gula in quest for a new life False
Shortly after arriving back in Pittsburgh, James Harrison was already posting workout videos.

Of course. False
Istanbul New Year's Eve shooter is captured by police False
Quick-thinking grandfather fights off 3-year-old's would-be kidnapper False
How to know if your account has been hacked, and what to do next True
Do YOU recognise these 12 signs of breast cancer? True
.@sherryontopp already feeling at home in @INCIndia False
[SLIDE DECK] The Internet of Everything — $12.6 trillion ROI expected over the next decade False
The CIO of a $490 billion fund on the one 'guaranteed losing approach' to investing False
Listen to our Martin Luther King Jr. Day @Spotify playlist #MLKDAY False
Here's the best piece of advice Sal Khan received from Bill Gates False
.@BeingSalmanKhan wishes @iamsrk and @iHrithik good luck for their movies False
The worst state in America for animal safety True
This Khloé Kardashian campaign finally strips ‘empowerment’ of all meaning | Phoebe-Jane Boyd True
Nick Cannon has spoken about his ex Mariah Carey's New Year's Eve flub False
Police investigate shooting near primary school in Glasgow as reports of gunfire spark panic False
Want to live longer? Avoid having sex True
Woman charged in adopted daughter's death fostered 30 kids False
Shhh! Bad thoughts! Russia, Nazis, KKK, those are the GOOD thoughts. False
New Yorker cover imagines the childishness of a Trump presidency True
Rock slide closes portion of of Zion National Park scenic drive. False
Mark Hamill returns as The Joker to read more of Donald Trump's tweets. False
Little late on this one, don'cha think? True
It looks like Drake and 2 Chainz may have reunited for another potential hit. 🙏 False
Brazil prison riot leaves at least 10 inmates dead False
Today marks the birthday of Martin Luther King Jr. Here we look back at the civil rights activist's achievements False
Chinese restaurant is accused of serving human feet to diners in Italy False
Sorry world, but David from "Lilo &amp; Stitch" is actually the best Disney Prince False
What kind of music does M. Lamar play? There's no easy answer. False
Back on the Mekong Delta, John Kerry finds a man who once tried to kill him and exoneration False
A woman drove her SUV into a T-Mobile store after they refused to give her a new phone. False
Day of the Mifids True
Former Miss Italy contestant could lose her sight after 'jilted boyfriend throws acid in her face' True
Removed for good. True
Here's the schedule for President-elect Donald Trump's inauguration False
For the first time ever, there will be a black Lady Liberty on a coin False
The 7 biggest changes Obamacare made, and those that may disappear True
Rusty Patched bumblebee is first bee in continental US to be listed as endangered False
6 items that totally overreact to being microwaved True
Bull shark startles fishermen and steals a fish right off their line False
These are the best and worst airlines in the world True
It sounds Orwellian. It's billed as convenient: the devices in your home are listening in True
19 people who are already having a shitty 2017 True
We must remember the recipe for success, writes @AllisterHeath #Premium False
Petty hero trolls DMV by paying $3,000 in taxes in pennies False
Inauguration Workers Cover Up 'Don's Johns' on Portable Toilets on Capitol Hill False
Bob Weir ropes Grateful Dead classics, Dylan covers &amp; cowboy songs into @MusicNowFest show False
A teen refused to give up a McNugget even after she was threatened with a gun False
Novelist and filmmaker William Peter Blatty, author of "The Exorcist," dies at 89: False
Iraqi forces reach second Mosul bridge, storm university complex: military  (Pic: Reuters) False
The big dilemma if senators reject Tillerson  via @YahooNews True
Jogger gives hilariously literal answer to name spelling question in viral news clip True
Here comes Bank of America... True
Scientists can now grow a beating human heart from stem cells False
Cheetahs, tigers and lions are now banned as pets in the UAE False
The GOP wants to repeal Obamacare in a fast-paced "rescue mission" — except not really. False
Periodic reminder that George Soros has been convicted of insider trading. False
House votes to require more cost analysis of SEC rules False
Billie Lourd shares sweet throwback of mom Carrie Fisher  via @YahooCelebrity False
#ICYMI: Robert #Xie found #guilty of murdering five members of extended family False
Russia is legalising domestic violence False
Angry fan threw eggs at Chargers' headquarters after after news of LA relocation False
Should Ivanka Trump the woman wear Ivanka Trump the brand? False
Apple sets its sights on Hollywood with plans for original content False
Ex-Barclays banker is jailed for 5 months for passing merger tips to a plumber False
Nutella 'could cause cancer'. Here's what you need to know True
Why a Hall of Fame induction is inevitable for a baseball player synonymous with the steroid era True
Soldier accused of attempted parachute murder to travel to Paris False
Donald Trump's approval rating is the lowest of any president-elect in two decades False
Adidas is revisting its history to make its next great sneaker: False
First of 37 defendants in fatal hazing case pleads guilty False
.@AndersonPaak and The Free Nationals announce upcoming album: False
Rex Tillerson: Can the ExxonMobil boss with close ties to Russia overcome sceptics?
#Premium False
10 things you need to know before the opening bell True
From Shonda Rhimes to Cher to Tim Kaine, public figures react to Obama's farewell address: False
Russia kill the Queen in latest 'fake news' out of Moscow False
Pres. Obama: I still believe that "change only happens when ordinary people get involved." False
Cat caught in garage door saved by deputy. True
"The American people spoke clearly in this election. I believe they agreed with my basic view." True
"This new poll has all kinds of bad news for Donald Trump" True
For many, college hoops flies under the radar until CFB is over.

If you're one of those people, this is for you: True
The best cities for getting a great job this year may surprise you True
Meet the billionaire picks of Trump's Cabinet—the wealthiest in modern U.S. history False
British Airways is charging for food from tomorrow False
Green Party accuses Jeremy Corbyn of ‘capitulating to the Tories’ on immigration False
If you have dark circles around your eyes it could be a sign of something more serious True
1,000-year-old iconic California tree toppled during weekend storms False
How caring for dogs and cats explains human health spending  [Corrected link] False
After going missing from Knicks, Derrick Rose told officials he went to Chicago for a family situation, sources say. False
Pope Francis invited mothers to breastfeed in the Sistine Chapel. False
Female leopard shows hunts down a warthog in incredible wildlife pictures False
The window for IPOs seems to be wide open at the start of 2017 False
20 times women in suits completely owned the red carpet True
What the man who went through most complicated face transplant looks like 1 year ago False
President Obama was one dapper groomsman at his aide's wedding False
Last night's #GoldenGlobes were the 2nd most-watched in the past 10 years  (corrected) False
Hail Rodgers!

The Packers QB always finds a way to burn you #NFLPlayoffs False
Family values. True
Football &amp; MMA! The horror! True
Meryl Streep slams Donald Trump in #GoldenGlobes 2017 speech False
Modern agriculture cultivates climate change – we must nurture biodiversity False
Several held over Kardashian robbery False
Smash the patriarchy, @evanrachelwood! 🙆 False
MyPillow keeps tossing and turning from controversy to controversy False
Gender row athlete Caster Semenya marries long-term partner in extravagant white wedding False
Watch Jimmy Fallon’s star studded musical number that opened the #GoldenGlobes True
Stevie Wonder honored at the 10th annual Heaven Gala Celebration False
Trump confidants could face a tangle of potential conflicts as presidential advisers False
Scientists discover breakthrough blood test that could 'predict how long people will live' False
Documentary on Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds premieres tonight, days after their deaths False
These 5 historic properties are on sale for less than $250,000  via @YahooFinance True
Jerusalem attack eyewitness: 'I saw the truck hitting the soldiers' False
ISIS claims suicide bombing in Baghdad that killed at least 11 people and injured at least 25 others False
Now living by a busy road raises risk to pregnant women True
Dad nails the problem with complaining about parents who fly with kids True
Do you live in one of the world's most creative cities? False
Meet @deepikapadukone's character Serena Unger in the new #XXX #movie False
Mom's 34-second video filmed in a pantry is pretty much parenthood True
Trump says those opposed to better relations with Russia are 'fools' False
SHOCK: True
Famous lifetime warranty in question True
Catch of the year?

Paul Richardson hauls in insane one-handed TD catch 

🎥: False
8 creative hobbies to take up in 2017 True
What you should talk about on a first date, according to research True
Neo-Nazi arrested in Germany on suspicion of planning attack with huge explosives False
Car bomb kills at least 19 people and injures dozens in a suspected ISIS attack in Syria False
This is why you shouldn't leave soda in your car when it's freezing outside: False
It's 2017 and @KimKardashianWest is back False
A great grandmother has been praying to a Lord of the Rings figurine for years True
Are You Warm-Hearted Or A Cold, Hard Bitch? True
Here’s why one boob is sometimes bigger than the other True
Keep your head cool all night long with a new startup's pillow pad False
Mexican Soccer player Rafa Marquez partners with Spotify for 'Actitud' playlist False
Kellyanne Conway: Stop trying to "delegitimize" Donald Trump's victory False
A bright new star will burst into the sky in five years, astronomers predict False
Kyle Edmund battles bravely in defeat to Stan Wawrinka in Brisbane False
We are entering the golden era of laziness — Amazon now lets your order food delivery through Alexa False
Taxi driver shot dead in Brazil by gunman holding a child in his arms False
7 ways to #workout in #style this season True
#Pakistan is building its first missile #warship False
.@JoeBiden tells @realDonaldTrump to 'grow up' over attacks on US intelligence False
Sisters kicked off Allegiant Air flight missed dying dad’s final moments False
Diesel cars are 10 times more toxic than trucks and buses, data shows False
Samsung heir apparent Jay Y. Lee silences the doubters  via @Bfly False
China guided the yuan 0.9% stronger against the U.S. dollar Friday, its biggest increase since 2005. False
It helps to reduce the ‘wear and tear’ on #DNA
#HealthMeUp False
The telethon where it *won't* be an off-script moment if you say Donald Trump doesn't care about clovergenders False
Answer These Questions And We’ll Tell You Whether Or Not You’re A Morning Person True
How "Bambi" got its look from 1,000-year-old Chinese art False
52 Places to Go in 2017 True
San Francisco Fed President John Williams sees a 3-hike 2017 outlook as "very reasonable" False
May sends her two most senior aides to the U.S. in an attempt to build bridges with Trump False
Apple's new MacBook Pro is getting sidelined by Intel's new tech False
French farmer on trial for helping migrants: "My job is feeding people" False
Nigel Farage to host new nightly LBC radio show False
'I committed first #murder at 12' SP candidate in #UP heard bragging in leaked audio clip False
Judge rules to keep Virginia man in jail until trial on aiding terror charge False
Macy’s delivers disappointing holiday season, plans to cut more than 10,000 jobs False
Dan Rather has become a viral voice of reason in the Trump era False
Alabama politician whose parents were prosecuted by Sessions endorses him for attorney general False
Pistol-packing granny scares off armed crook at home False
The top movies of the last four years star women False
Panasonic's GH5 is here to slay all other 4K mirrorless cameras. Photog nerds, time to freak out:  #MashCES False
A former contestant on The Jump is telling new ones to quit before they get hurt True
This heart-warming photo perfectly captures a non-verbal boy’s special bond with deaf dog True
Joe Biden swore in the new congress and of course it was awesome False
Soda taxes spread, Pennsylvania is “freeing the six-pack,” CEO pay in Portland is targeted. New state and local laws False
#ICYMI: #HillsHoist hangs on as Aussie backyard icon False
"Potentially, this is worse than anything he did in Watergate" True
Kevin Wilson reportedly will be named Ohio State offensive coordinator False
Donald Trump isn't even in Washington yet, but he's already throwing his weight around False
26 pictures that will inspire your wanderlust in 2017 True
Whoa 😳

Gabi Garcia pummels 49-year-old pro wrestler in sideshow at Rizin FF 4

🎥: False
What impact are your social media posts having on your kids True
Janet Jackson, 50, gives birth to a boy, Eissa Al Mana False
Sick boy who asked for stuffed cows for Christmas receives a whole herd  via @TODAYshow False
Artists with the most 2017 Grammy nominations False
Megyn Kelly is now one of the highest-paid hosts on TV — here's where her salary ranks True
Trump warns of Guantanamo releases as Obama administration could move up to 22 prisoners False
CES: Annual event shows how pervasive tech is becoming False
5 style trends that need to stay in 2016 False
Final @ESPNNFL Power Rankings heading into playoffs:

1. Patriots
2. Cowboys
3. Steelers
4. Chiefs
5. Packers
Rest: False
This moment between 2 quiz show contestants is so gloriously awkward True
France lets workers turn off, tune out and live life False
No one knows why, but workers in their 40s are driving U.S. productivity False
Wife of Istanbul suspect had 'no idea' he was an ISIS sympathiser False
These are the lives that Obamacare helped save False
The ‘Right to Disconnect’ and Other New Laws Go Into Effect in France False
'We have grave concerns': Potential trouble ahead for the #NDIS if  #ACT's problems with scheme go national  #auspol False
Uber driver credited for helping save 16-year-old girl from child sex trafficking False
Manchester City’s 10 men sink Burnley thanks to Gaël Clichy and Sergio Agüero  via @guardian_sport False
Islamic State group claims New Year's attack on Istanbul nightclub False
Home Minister of Karnataka has this to say at #Bengaluru incident False
Eagles: C-
Redskins: ??
Jets: ?? True
Tinder users frustrated as they discover all their potential dates have disappeared False
Jamie George: ‘Dylan Hartley talks to people because he’s a good captain’  via @guardian_sport False
Fresh arrests in South Korean political scandal True
Sweden is the best country in the world for business False
Obama hits the beach on final day in Hawaii: False
14 fashion essentials you should own by age 30  via @YahooStyle True
35 expelled Russian diplomats and families leave the United States False
WNBA players were near site of Istanbul attack, coach says False
The map of the world according to where prostitution is legal True
Ed Sheeran revealed he’s releasing new music this week False
NYC waited 100 years and all it gets is this lousy subway line True
Truth will eventually come to light. False
What do people talk about before they die? A hospice chaplain shares stories: True
Climate change is going to be very bad for the global economy True
The average woman will change dress sizes 31 times in her lifetime True
Here are the must-see movies that are going to win Oscars in 2017 True
Mariah Carey had a rough time with her New Year’s Eve performance False
Potential homebuyer discovers mummified body entombed in garage False
Trump's press secretary won't say whether Russia was behind the DNC hack False
Footballer who survived Istanbul terror attack tells of desperate struggle to get away False
These are the fastest ways to make friends, according to one scientist True
What do people talk about before they die? A hospice chaplain shares stories: True
William Christopher, Father Mulcahy on "M*A*S*H," passed away Saturday morning at age 84 False
Happy New Year! Americans ring in 2017 False
"In 2016’s politics and pop culture, women came up against limits created by men" True
Could Debbie Reynolds have died of a broken heart? True
This mysterious illness tied to marijuana use is on the rise in states with legal weed True
5 VR safety tips to stop you from destroying your home True
JUST IN: U.N. Security Council approves Syrian cease-fire plan False
Venezuelans are fleeing to Brazil for medical care, overwhelming its hospitals and morgues False
Mike Pence's new neighborhood gets plastered with "trust women" signs False
EgyptAir crash: Bodies of crew members returned to families False
Intolerant post-Brexit Britain: history shows we can be better than this | Hugh Muir False
US theme park visitors rescued from ride in southern California False
NT family vows to rebuild tattoo parlour gutted by fire police say is suspicious False
In politics today, the enemy of your enemy is your friend — even if that new friend is your old enemy Putin False
A German minister wants to ban vegetarian sausages because they are ‘confusing’ and 'unsettling' False
.@krauthammer: Russia sanctions 'slap on the wrist', but #Trump mustn't downplay False
FACT CHECK: Don't use such hurtful words around the child! True
The hilarious reason Daniel Radcliffe was cast as Harry Potter True
Woman quits choir because she can't appear to 'endorse fascism' by performing for Trump False
Lindsay Lohan appears to want a "Mean Girls" sequel as bad as the fans False
She was on course for stardom. Then she entrusted her career to USA Swimming True
A look at the Russian compounds nestled in New York and Washington, DC suburbs: False
The great outdoors: readers share their best weather photos from 2016 via @GuardianWitness False
Parole panel delays decision on whether to release Charles Manson follower False
#TheGrandTour episode seven, The Beach (Buggy) Boys part one… things we learned False
Rap group Run-DMC is suing Wal-Mart, Amazon and others for $50 million False
How Russia and Turkey brokered peace in Syria — and sidelined the US True
Carrie fisher raised Billie Lourd "without gender" False
20 tweets from Cher that will help you remember 2016 in a better light True
Security heightened at Times Square for #NYE celebrations False
Before jumping to her death from a company dorm, she told friends on Twitter of enduring harassment on the job True
Bristol Palin blasts artists for refusing to perform at #Trump inauguration False
Donald Trump tricks the media into crediting him for creating more U.S. jobs False
Woman who killed abusive husband pardoned by French president False
"We should be embarrassed ... that we’ve allowed this city to become the poster boy of violence in America" True
Ed Sheeran in fight with council over plans to build cartlodge at his country home False
Here's what to do now to end the year on a positive note True
"I miss that cold-cold weather": The agony of Earth's hottest year in Shishmaref, Alaska False
You're going to be hearing even more about the IoT in 2017 and beyond: False
This #Kashmiri female boxer aspires to make #India proud at #Olympics False
New on @Medium: Why every generation feels entitled False
Missing feared dead True
The biggest 2016 fantasy football lessons you shouldn’t forget next draft season True
A NYT investigation found that Homeland Security workers accepted bribes to let immigrants and drugs into the U.S. False
Kerry defends US decision not to veto UN condemnation of Israeli settlements False
13 things Carrie Fisher said about living with mental illness True
A team of navy divers has flown from all over Russia to search the Black Sea for victims of Sunday's plane crash False
Beyond Princess Leia: Carrie Fisher's complex, but always entertaining, life False
Trump takes credit for bump in consumer confidence: False
Google combats Holocaust-denying search results with algorithm update False
#ICYMI: #Woolworths sells #fuel business to #BP for nearly $1.8b #ausbis False
Richard Adams has died at 96. He became one of the world’s best-selling authors with his debut, “Watership Down." False
Phil Jackson and Jeanie buss announce the end of their engagement: 

Love is dead. False
After Carrie Fisher's death, stars share memories of beloved #StarWars actress False
"Officers have now arrested seven men between the ages of 15 and 21-years-old including six Syrians..." False
Online video now accounts for 50% of all mobile traffic. Is your business prepared? True
WATCH LIVE: President Obama, Japanese PM Shinzo Abe speak at Pearl Harbor False
‘She’s pretty special:’ Defying odds, the D.C. area’s first heart transplant patient is still alive 30 years later False
When veteran reporter Jeffrey Slonim jumped from a roof at Lincoln Center, everyone who knew him asked: Why? False
Watch this car effortlessly drift and move side-to-side False
British Twitter is losing its mind over Cadbury Roses False
'CHRISTMAS MIRACLE': @taylorswift13 surprises WWII veteran, family with private show False
Cat sneaks out of Christmas gift box at just the right moment False
After Democrats' sit-in, House GOP moves to punish broadcasting from chamber floor False
Seven migrants arrested after a sleeping homeless man was set on fire on Christmas Eve in Berlin False
Australia flood: Six missing following record rainfall False
Inside Camila Cabello's Fifth Harmony exit: Where did it all go wrong? False
A woman is seeking help from @narendramodi after her #JanDhan account flashed a balance of Rs 100 crore False
The mythical "endless summer" is becoming a detested reality in South Florida False
Korean Air crew to 'use more force' with unruly passengers False
We fact-checked 7 seasons of 'Shark Tank' deals. Here's what really happened: True
This child used her sleeping mother's fingerprint to buy $250 worth of Pokemon gear. True
Wal-Mart is under pressure to fix its rampant crime problem False
Parents apparently overdose at home, baby daughter starves to death days later False
UConn has fired football coach Bob Diaco after he went 11-26 in three seasons: False
7 pro tips to help you learn how to cook in 2017 True
The emotional experience of visiting the Smithsonian’s National Museum of African American History and Culture False
Mills &amp; Boon introduce surround-sound steamy romance novels for bored housewives False
Frenchman smashes sailing record True
Super Mario Run is no longer the highest grossing app in any country False
More than 50,000 people evacuated from German city on Christmas Day after a 1.8-ton World War II bomb was found False
India conducts fourth test launch of Agni-V missile False
Liam Neeson: is the Silence star wasting his very particular set of skills? False
RNC clarifies part of Christmas message after social media criticism False
10 under-the-radar vacation destinations for 2017 True
The top 10 universities around the world in each of eight different areas of study False
President-elect Donald Trump tweets holiday greetings. False
What's your favorite Christmas album? Vote! True
The beginner's guide to meditation, in case you need it True
Israel summoned 10 foreign ambassadors to Jerusalem to reprimand them False
#JenniferLawrence visits Louisville children's hospital on #Christmas Eve. False
The Obamas welcome Christmas with traditional Hawaiian treats and some live-action adventure False
Taste-testing wine seized from Bernie Madoff's private collection False
After her town's deal with Wall Street, her water and sewer bill has jumped so much that she's thinking about moving False
In Christmas address, Pope Francis honors those scarred by war False
Serbian stewardess who miraculously survived 33,000-foot plunge in 1972 dies: False
A ski safari in the Dolomites, with ski-in stops for wine, espresso and plenty of pasta. False
Ocean thrill True
13 weird Christmas traditions from around the world that’ll surprise you True
Do you agree with @GovMikeHuckabee? False
How to make peace with close friends and family who backed the other candidate True
Here comes Santa Claus. Follow his Christmas Eve flight with the NORAD Santa Tracker True
This year's most popular Christmas toys could be spying on your child: True
Donald Trump might be settling on another member of his trade policy team. False
Carrie Fisher's brother says the "Star Wars" actress is in stable condition False
Florida pet owner granted legal right to keep Rambo the alligator. False
Pastor: Christians are being 'marginalized and attacked' in the U.S. and around the world False
Meet the Macedonian teenager earning thousands from "fake news" True
#ArjunKapoor is all set to make his third appearance on #KoffeeWithKaran Season 5, but why?
@arjunk26 False
You may have seen headline about Republicans seeking immediate cuts to Social Security. Here's why it's misleading: True
Big Sean has revealed his fourth album "I Decided," and unleashed new "Moves" False
A timeline of events in the life of Anis Amri, the suspect in the Berlin truck attack False
White Texas cop's arrest of three black women appears racist, family's lawyer says False
Report: 'Mystery Plane' Flying Over NYC Was Trump Evacuation Exercise False
Berlin attack suspect's family speak out False
5 last-minute gift ideas for music loving sneakerheads True
.@TreySongz plans forthcoming project "Tremaine" for 2017 False
Fans predict what will happen on season 7 of #GameofThrones True
It's Christmas! The best festive songs, chosen by Slade, Neil Diamond, the Waitresses and more False
There will be blood on his hands. True
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day True
Monsieur Vogue is leaving Trumpland  via @NYTStyles False
Berlin terror suspect's Tunisian family make public call for him to give himself up False
Collapse of North Carolina anti-LGBT "bathroom bill" repeal sparks intense blame game False
Steve Harvey reveals his holiday plans and New Year’s resolutions  via @YahooTV True
Literal Obama fanfic from the Associated Press: True
Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom spread holiday cheer at children's hospital False
Clamping of untaxed cars has doubled since the end of the paper tax disc as drivers forget to renew False
Gut bacteria might be the secret to treating autoimmune disease True
Volunteers at Massachusetts hospital cuddle babies to aid development   via @foxnewshealth False
The U.S. has again labeled Alibaba a "notorious market" for knock-offs False
Grammy winning singer Richard Marx helps take down unruly passenger on Korea Air flight False
MTV faces backlash for "2017 New Years Resolutions for White Guys" video False
What's the best music video of 2016? Vote! True
#Berlin market attack: Police searching for Tunisian man who had documents in truck, reports say False
Kanye West has reportedly canceled the European leg of his Saint Pablo Tour. False
Tom Arnold says he has the rumored racist Trump tape from "The Apprentice": False
Yes drummer Alan White on #RockHall2017 induction: "The music is priceless and it's ageless" False
Blink-182 breaks down forthcoming deluxe edition of #California: "It's like a whole other album" False
Couple kept hostage for over four years in Afghanistan ask for Obama, Trump's help in video. False
Church's $12,000 fine for helping homeless True
23 fascinating diagrams reveal how to negotiate with people around the world True
You want to be a what? 50 years of freshman career plans in 4 charts False
Man buys girlfriend empty box for Christmas, and she couldn't be more delighted True
Fifth Harmony have issued a second statement after Camila Cabello quit the band False
The best Christmas movies on Netflix True
140 years late, Nevada veteran finally awarded with Medal of Honor False
Petra Kvitova 'lucky to be alive' after intruder posing as gas man held knife to her throat False
Lloyds bank just bought credit card firm MBNA for £1.9bn False
Gunman in Zurich mosque shooting is dead, police say False
Donald Trump isn't having much luck with planning his inauguration True
Washington's loss is Green Bay's gain. 

NFL playoff picture after Week 15: False
BP sees signs of growth next year following 2 years of an oil slump False
The truck's path through a crowded Christmas market in Berlin False
What goes on in your brain when you get déjà vu True
Scenes in Ankara following fatal shooting of Russian ambassador to Turkey False
The seven-year-old face of eastern #Aleppo on Twitter, Bana Alabed, evacuated safely

 #Syria False
Pollution in north #China exceeds WHO guideline by 100 times; flights grounded, cars ordered off the road False
WhatsApp, a Coke bottle and fake cocaine: Inside a U.S. border patrol agent's smuggling arrest False
In its final episode of 2016, "Saturday Night Live" was tough on Donald Trump False
Donna Brazile says hacks of DNC "did not stop" until the end of the election False
How to get the stained glass look in your own home True
There’s something VERY wrong about this picture….can you spot it? True
Teens band together to buy special-needs classmate new shoes False
What's the (new) geographical center of North America? A bar in tiny Robinson, North Dakota False
Why Australia's AAA credit rating is doomed  #ausbiz True
Here's how the White House staff pranked President Obama for the holidays True
You can now get McDonald's delivered to your house False
32 texts from 2016 that are just really fucking funny False
Village that inspired The Archers in danger of becoming 'sprawling town' after developers get permission to expand False
NEW: US Secretary of State John Kerry met with Saudi King Salman and other royalty Sunday at a palace in Riyadh False
Saudi Telecom buys 10% stake in ride-hailing app Careem; women aren't allowed to drive in the Sunni-ruled kingdom False
Even the most seasoned reporter wavers when they hear, "The desk wants to know—" True
The keepers of the forest were thrown out of the forest, by the forest department. What a #Shame! False
.@JimmyFallon reads his favorite #CrappyHolidays tweets False
On the Q100 False
UN’s ban on child labour is a ‘damaging mistake’ False
The old "I can do more than deliver lines other people write for me!" canard: True
.@billshortenmp on board with @TurnbullMalcolm's ambitions for Australian #Republic  #auspol False
All you need to know about tonight's #StrictlyComeDancing live final False
#ICYMI: The woman who nailed Bradley John Murdoch with a hair elastic False
Obama, rapping Putin, says US could strike back on cyber False
Washington officer shot identified; remains critical True
Dreamy clouds of sea smoke float above waters around the East Coast False
Shocker. True
These are the winners of China's newfound wealth True
Japan surpassed China as the largest foreign owner of U.S. government bonds for the first time in nearly two years False
Putin’s loudest critic is going to challenge him... and the Kremlin’s happy False
Facebook is taking its first steps to combat fake news False
Smog of war True
Rupert Murdoch and his princes deserve a little credit  via @Bfly False
Rise above: will Donald Trump's America trigger a punk protest renaissance? False
"Griping about the popular vote? Get over it."  via @PostOpinions True
Initial jobless claims hold below 300,000 for a 93rd straight week False
A letter written by a child in foster care to his dead father has been found attached to a balloon in Scotland False
This is why Brighton’s indie food is better than London’s True
Austria passes bill to seize house Adolf Hitler was born in False
#Children born as a result of rape will now get #compensation.
#ThisIsIT False
Trump tells tech titans: 'I'm here to help' False
Brexit trade deal could take 10 years, says UK's ambassador False
Marijuana legalization advocates fear an AG Sessions -- but should they?   #TrumpTransition False
Army sergeant who worked as military recruiter in Texas admits funneling dozens of assault weapons to Mexican cartel False
Babies born in London hospital 'could leave with wrong mother' False
Spanish police arrest 200 Chinese nationals in €16m fraud False
Geologists target 500C volcano's energy False
The 23 best colleges in the Northeast True
These are the 5 U.S. banks that draw the most customer complaints: True
Russian hackers were free to roam the DNC’s network for nearly 7 months before top DNC officials were alerted False
NFL players reportedly believe Luke Kuechly should consider retirement after his concussion False
Robin Thicke posts tribute to late father Alan Thicke: "He was the best man I ever knew." False
Watch the trailer for Christopher Nolan's war epic 'Dunkirk': False
Get your printers ready! 😱

Wright State's Steven Davis throws down vicious poster dunk

🎥 False
Trump’s national security adviser shared secrets without permission, files show False
Listen to 7 of the best @LittleMix songs remixed False
‘Growing Pains’ actor Alan Thicke dies aged 69 False
Civilians trapped in Aleppo share emotional goodbye messages True
ISIS is on the offensive and may have just picked up a surface-to-air missile system False
An all-female DC villains movie starring Margot Robbie is actually happening False
#TheWalkingDead season 7 episodes, ranked from best to worst False
Cargo ship arrives with almost four and a half tons of supplies for the space shuttle crew False
Family spends freezing night in car after GPS fail True
Former NFL tight end Konrad Reuland has died following a brain aneurysm False
The director of ‘La-La Land’ on drawing viewers in: ‘Like frogs boiling slowly in water’ False
These are the most popular TV shows made by Amazon True
The original Doritos are NOT the Doritos we know today 😵 False
The power of simple life changes to prevent heart disease True
Get set for December supermoon, Geminid meteor shower   via @fxnscitech False
Christmas strike misery as Post Office workers stage five-day walkout and rail services are hit by industrial action False
In a rare gesture, the #Kuwait govt has stated it would not imprison or penalise over 24,000 illegal #Indian workers False
The top 50 video games of all time — RANKED False
19 memes about periods that are too fucking real True
22 pictures that men will just never ever understand True
You’re using your freezer wrong — here’s the right way to stock frozen food True
Brazil Chapecoense: Tributes paid to team as season ends False
Tweet hilariously turns Asian stereotype on its head False
Once a useful idiot, always a useful idiot. True
Don't set your playoff lineups without checking in on Sunday's fantasy football actives and inactives: False
If space didn't kill them, astronauts still had to train for survival in deserts and jungles False
Senate Republicans join with Democrats in calling for probe of Russian electioneering hacks False
Victoria Wood remembered by Melvyn Bragg False
Netflix says Prince discussed reality show False
So you’ve been unlucky in love. That’s no excuse to be jaded. False
26 quirks Americans don’t realize are super weird True
Republican John Kennedy wins Louisiana Senate race in runoff False
Who will become the 10th Anniversary #CNNSuperhero? Cast your vote: False
.@JohnCena's muscular frame made for a poor game show host in 'SNL' skit. False
There's no problem that can't be solved by talking it out @ShankarAnoushka False
India v England, fourth Test: day four – live!  via @guardian_sport False
LATEST: 15 dead, 69 hurt in Istanbul twin bombings, according to the Turkish Health Ministry False
'Giant among journalists' British food critic and columnist AA Gill dies at 62 False
Death toll rises to 57 in Nigeria suicide bombings False
The names of the women 'most likely' to get pregnant in 2017 True
A driver passed out from a suspected drug overdose. From the back seat, a child was trying to wake him. False
Proof Ashley Graham loves see-through clothes  via @YahooStyle True
OPEC, Russia optimistic of striking landmark oil-output deal False
#ICYMI: 'The smell of death was everywhere': Inside the world's most dangerous mines True
"I'm not taking anything away from what he's been able to accomplish, but I'm not going to change my definition." False
.@abdashsoul breaks down the inspirations &amp; revelations behind "Do What Thou Wilt" False
Trump team hints at scorched earth policy toward climate science False
Inauguration protesters will be barred from the National Mall and other sites False
Goldman Sachs President Gary Cohn is leading candidate for top White House economic post False
What kind of manager will President Donald Trump be? True
Sean Rad steps down from Tinder CEO role, and launches 'Swipe Ventures' False
Alleged Chicago gang boss denies ordering hit on informant: False
AMA from guy who played Goofy at Disney World will shatter your childhood dreams True
Pres.-elect Trump says he sold all his stock holdings, but hasn’t yet offered proof. False
Americans are so intolerant for electing Trump! False
This moving ad for "Rogue One" has people in tears True
Forget McGregor vs. Mayweather.

How 'bout McGregor vs. The Mountain. False
Quote of the day: False
Study: 'Bathroom Bill' Could Cost Texas Economy $8.5B a Year, 185K Jobs False
Politicians in Mexico smashed a Donald Trump piñata at a Christmas party False
It looks like Emmitt Smith is a pretty big fan of this Ezekiel Elliott guy. False
OECD sees economic growth accelerating in 2017 False
In the Cuban town that Hersey built, the memories are both bitter and sweet False
How quickly can YOU spot the pig? False
Young Thug acts like a jerk at the airport, calls airline workers "peasants": False
Unlike his predecessors, Trump is using public, freewheeling approach in vetting top picks False
US citizenship applications surge amid Donald Trump's campaign and election False
Pittsburgh Steeler @L_Bell26 (aka Juice) unleashes new rap cut "Get Wit It" (premiere) False
A sports broadcaster revealed he peed in a trash can while announcing a Brett Favre touchdown False
The 14 best colleges in the Midwest False
.@MartinSolveig on new single "Places" &amp; returning to house music False
Ohio moves to ban abortion 6 weeks after conception False
Trump warns Wall Street: I'm going to cut drug prices False
DJ Khaled discusses book, fatherhood, and the time Obama used his song with Stephen Colbert. False
#ICYMI: Mel Gibson and Hacksaw Ridge clean up at #AACTAs False
You can question May’s Brexit strategy. Just don’t ask if she’s up to the job | Anne Perkins False
Woman sets up camera in bedroom to find out what flatmates really get up to when she's at work True
Live updates: Pakistan International Airways flight carrying 47 crashes north of Islamabad False
James Corden shoots a glorious movie entirely in Starbucks False
Death toll from quake in Indonesia's Aceh Province rises to 97 False
ECB bond-buying program nears ceiling False
Try tweeting emoji at Google for a special surprise True
Putin drops shock hint at his retirement during visit to metal factory False
[TRIGGERED] True
How do we feel about Trevor Noah sending Tomi Lahren cupcakes? False
Glass houses. False
3 kids killed, mom clinging to life after ambush by gunman at New Mexico home   #FOXNewsUS False
The tech industry largely opposed Donald Trump during the campaign. Next week, he'll meet with Silicon Valley CEOs. False
No country with a McDonald’s can remain a democracy | George Monbiot False
Trevor Noah's terrifying vision of what is happening to America after Trump's win True
Amazon Go is a much better idea than delivery drones False
The nominations for this year's #Grammys are rolling in. Peep now: False
How to have a good office Christmas party (without regretting everything the next day) True
Trump's plan to repeal Obamacare could also severely damage Medicare: False
Female police officers at risk of being groped and assaulted on the front line of Britain's drink crisis False
See 32 photos from the #Transformers: The Last Knight set  via @YahooMovies False
Frequent pubic hair removal linked to STIs, study finds  #Health False
Opinion: The dangerous stakes of the NFL make Cam Newton’s necktie benching seem ludicrous False
The Weeknd tops Drake for the most monthly streams on Spotify False
Trans activist whose epic Trump rant went viral speaks out False
"Trump’s Taiwan call wasn’t a blunder. It was brilliant."  via @PostEverything False
And at that age, you really need a solid 8 hours! True
Middle-market woes inspire Starbucks’s bet on luxury coffee False
Bulls announced one-game suspension for Rajon Rondo due to conduct detrimental to the team False
Get ready for a bond meltdown: True
#WhereIsBana: #Aleppo girl Bana Alabed disappears from Twitter  #SyriaCrisis False
Article 50 appeal case opens at supreme court False
What it's like to live on Mars True
The jeep carrying Fidel Castro's ashes broke down mid ceremony in Cuba False
Mexico is set to auction its first deep water oil-field blocs to foreign bidders on Monday False
Watch a koala bear and a porcupine sing Carly Rae Jepsen False
Jill Stein Defends Recount Effort: 'What is Donald Trump Frightened Of?' More: False
Dorial Green-Beckham is wearing cleats to benefit the Yeezy Foundation, which doesn't exist. False
Exclusive: EU funding 'could be linked' to mass executions in Iran False
Trump vows 35% tax for US firms that move jobs overseas False
Multiple teams believe that future UFA DeSean Jackson could return to Philadelphia this offseason. False
Donald Trump has once again taken to Twitter to criticize "Saturday Night Live," False
Kodak Black is already recording his first post-jail release. False
4 changes shoppers will see as they buy on their phones True
JUST IN: Fidel Castro's ashes arrive at Cuba cemetery for interment False
The BBC needs a real General to fight its corner, writes Simon Heffer #premium False
Apple admits self-driving car plans False
This 4-year-old made an unlikely friend at the grocery store True
Donald Trump Victory: Jill Stein drops Pennsylvania recount bid False
10 PlayStation Experience reveals you might have missed True
The Bentley Flying Spur or the Rolls-Royce Ghost... which fantasy car is for you? True
All Brexit MPs in Remain seats should follow Zac Goldsmith's example False
.@JimmyFallon shares his favorite #OfficePartyFail tweets True
A letter to … My mother, who hit me when I was a child False
Taiwan president in the spotlight after telephone call with Trump False
Fidel Castro's death celebrations collide with Art Basel Miami False
Bob Hope's 'UFO house' sells for bargain price False
In a break with precedent, Donald Trump speaks to Taiwanese leader by phone: False
The inside story of how @JColeNC's 'Eyez' documentary was made: False
‘Don’t play identity politics!’ The primal scream of the straight white male | Hadley Freeman True
Funeral arrangements have been made for Riot Fest co-founder Sean McKeough False
Luxury brands unable to increase profits in retail stores shift to hosting parties and scraping data about clients False
#Billboard200 Chart Moves: Prince's "4Ever" marks late icon's 40th charting album False
Mike Rowe to flag-burning students: If you hate America, don't accept federal aid! False
Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher welcome baby number 2 False
2016 Formula One champion Nico Rosberg announces retirement | False
In order to move to the White House, Trump may have to give up his DC hotel False
Clever pun photos baffling the internet - how many can YOU solve? True
Olive oil-poached cod on a bed of lemony cauliflower couscous--a winning winter recipe from @EventideOyster False
Syria conflict: US coalition admits killing civilians in Manbij False
To survive in the 21st century, business schools will need to adapt: False
Former USC and Jets RB Joe McKnight was shot to death in an apparent road rage incident in New Orleans.

He was 28. False
Trump supporters inadvertently show how easily misinformation spreads online True
A beaver was just minding his own dam business when he walked into a dollar store False
VW brand's U.S. sales rise for the first time in more than a year False
Richard Sherman waited 11 months to rip Cam Newton for something he did last season. True
[SLIDE DECK] The retail industry is on the cusp of transformation driven by new technology. True
Gold slides to 10-month low as fund selling spree continues False
After 9 days in the hospital with an undisclosed ailment, Kanye West is home False
Richmond Park offers a first glimpse at a changed political landscape | Anne Perkins False
.@realDonaldTrump's infrastructure plan may put #Canberra under pressure  analysis from @RobertsonABC #auspol #ausbiz False
Could Einstein have been wrong about the speed of light? True
Visit Myanmar’s stunning capital now, while the streets are still empty True
California rancher given permission to shoot mountain lion preying on his alpaca herds: False
Leah Remini's Reddit AMA reveals juicy secrets of Scientology True
Second dramatic protest hits Australia's parliament False
.@FitnessFirstAU gym chain's takeover by Quadrant not opposed by ACCC #ausbiz False
The dictionary left no uncertainty as to whom "sheeple" refers. True
The Murdochs are reportedly looking for a woman to run Fox News False
Hungary education law: Orban 'to meet EU demands' False
Brian Westbrook sets the tone in Philly at the start of Day 3 #FlyEaglesFly False
Japanese prime minister brands North Korea a 'grave threat' during his London visit False
I quit sugar for 30 days and this is what happened True
Trump really needs an economic boom. So far, he’s not getting one. False
Under heavy security, Pope Francis celebrates Mass with thousands in Egypt False
Jeremy Corbyn: Arrest for protesting apartheid shows why I am ready to lead Britain False
times are tough. should i turn off the heat a few nights or stop paying retired sportsballers to lecture me on blm? False
Duterte opens ASEAN summit with oblique swipe at US, EU False
Fangs: the lightning rise of Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Google False
Bipartisan group of 46 lawmakers call on Paul Ryan to revive AUMF debate False
As #APRA warns of more interest rate rises, #ANZ delivers  #ausbiz False
CDC working to keep yellow fever vaccine supply from running out. False
.@POTUS: "They're amazing people, the @SecretService, but you can't go very far." #first100 False
DMX has reportedly checked into rehab: False
Ridley Scott announces yet another reason why you should probably go and see Alien: Covenant False
Heineken to Pepsi: Hold my beer False
Tories’ ‘imperial vision’ for post-Brexit trade branded disruptive and deluded False
6 science-themed Twitter bots that dole out humor, factual information and galactic perspective False
Bears fans seemed to be just as lost as their front office last night

🎥: False
That "10 concerts" Facebook meme? It could be used by marketers to target ads or by hackers to breach accounts. False
LaVar Ball is getting roasted for costing his son Lonzo a major sneaker deal False
OBAMA: Here's what I miss most about the White House True
Never in the modern history of shoe endorsements have the big companies all stepped away from a potential top pick. False
Donald Trump's first 100 days, in tweets True
This is, shall we say, Trump’s signature accomplishment of his first 100 days  —@lpolgreen True
Trump says he misses life before he became US president False
He was deboarded and #detained by #CISF and #police for #questioning for another three hours. #WhatWereYouThinking True
Portland rose parade canceled after 'anti-fascist' email threatens local Republican group False
China rising &amp; downloads falling: 5 takeaways from the IFPI's Global Music Report True
British food, explained for Americans False
Fox News host Jesse Watters announces vacation amid fallout from Ivanka Trump comments False
American’s CEO sides with airline workers against Wall Street False
Yes, we’ve all been wondering: Where’s Melania?  —@lpolgreen False
James Earl Jones set to receive Tony Award for lifetime achievement. False
Plenty of startups are working on flying taxis ...but it really won't be that easy False
Inside the fight to reinvent financial advice for women: True
Texas House approves strict "sanctuary city" ban with tough jail penalty False
This is what it looks like when the US fires a nuclear missile True
Coke is adding FIBRE to its drinks to convince health-conscious people to buy more soda False
Is Justin Trudeau the anti-Trump? True
This is the safest place for you to sit in a plane True
Alexis Sanchez displays fat lip after 'embarrassing' reaction to having ball thrown in his face False
NHL star recalls double life under fugitive dad True
How a tale of Everton and one Kenyan refugee brings home the human side of English football False
Should you be worried about giving your photos to #FaceApp? True
Plane passengers only want think flight attendants, airline council members claim: False
Arkansas set to carry out execution of man who killed former deputy prison warden following escape. False
The difference between Donald Trump and Justin Trudeau in two pictures True
shots fired: True
Acid anger True
Taiwanese trekker rescued but girlfriend dead after pair lost for 47 days in #Himalayas False
The U.S. withdrawing from Nafta would fulfill one of President Trump’s major campaign promises False
Zombie Galaxy Note 7s are reportedly on the way False
The secret to skipping the queues at the world's most crowded attractions True
Treasury Sec. Mnuchin, National Economic Director Gary Cohn are speaking at WH briefing: False
Man who claimed to be superhuman accidentally stabs himself and dies in public stunt True
A mysterious pair of Google headphones have shown up in FCC filings False
Opinion: A tariff on foreign lumber will raise the cost of U.S. homes False
Disney confirms Frozen 2 release date False
Miffed over border wall talk, top Mexican official floats American entry fee False
We just need to figure out how they do it. #Fitness #Happiness #Japan False
Coach Pop left a $5,000 tip at a bar in Memphis 🐐 False
Summer Jam lineup has been revealed @HOT97 False
Tucker Carlson takes over Bill O'Reilly's time slot in more ways than one True
Analysis: Trump just promised the biggest tax cut in history. Here’s how big it would have to be. True
HIGHLIGHTS: #Tucker Debuts at 8 PM ET, Talks Exclusively with @Caitlyn_Jenner False
wompity. False
"Less is more.”

With Steve Kerr out, assistant coach Mike Brown knows what he needs to do False
This dude gave out free pizza to marathon runners because not all heroes wear capes: False
Hershey’s just announced a major change to their chocolate, and it’s probably a good plan False
Jennifer Lopez reveals details about her relationship with A-Rod False
This woman was gifted a karaoke mic and did the absolute most True
World's first malaria vaccine pilot will run in 2018 False
Israel-China construction deal reportedly bans building in West Bank settlements. False
Double-decker AC trains are coming soon... Thank you, Indian Railways! 

@RailMinIndia @sureshpprabhu False
17-year-old cyclist hacked to death by masked gang on London estate False
Maine police scoop up pair of pygmy goats False
North Korea has detained a U.S. citizen, officials said False
American Airlines employee accused of hitting woman with stroller, narrowly missing baby False
Cryptozoology and the search for Tasmanian tigers, night parrots and bigfoot False
Russell Westbrook shut down a reporter who questioned OKC's drop-off in play without him: False
Watch Draymond Green (@Money23Green) parody @KendrickLamar's "Humble" video. False
16 cheat sheets for wine lovers who know nothing about wine True
Colombia's ELN loses kidnap victim in jungle escape False
Emmanuel Macron: the French outsider who would be president – a February 2017 Guardian profile False
President Trump to hold rally in Pennsylvania on night of White House Correspondents Dinner False
Exposing the darkness within: Domestic violence and Islam False
Rajon Rondo was fined $25,000 for sticking out his leg from the bench in an apparent attempt to trip Jae Crowder. False
Briton killed in New Zealand paraglider accident True
Be kind rewind in Alaska the last frontier….of Blockbuster Video? False
.@ShawnMendes' 10 best deep cuts True
Swingers campsite opens in France complete with 'cuddle corners' and Eyes Wide Shut-themed parties False
30 cities where everyone under 30 wants to live right now True
 True
"Big morale boost": George H.W. Bush tweets image with son in hospital False
A #therapy donkey, named #Shocks, helped Amber overcome her #speech  disability. #Aww 😇😊😍 False
22 things your vagina wants you to know about masturbation True
Happy Earth Day! Which mode of transportation is best for our planet? False
This London crowd completely lost it when Giggs performed his "KMT" verse. False
Radiohead overcomes sound issues on day 1 at #Coachella weekend 2 False
The March for Science spreads to Antarctica and the Arctic Circle False
Clippers crushed by injuries again as Blake Griffin will miss the rest of the playoffs False
Deviate: The Science of Seeing Differently – why we need brain control False
American Airlines employee suspended after video of altercation with passenger surfaces. False
A previously unknown parchment of the Declaration of Independence was found and scholars are scratching their heads True
"The X-Files" will return to Fox ... again False
Here’s why exercise is contagious, particularly among women True
Apple is planning its biggest iPhone overhaul to date False
IBMVoice: AI for social good: How humans and machines are making a better world
 @IBM False
How France's election could have a big impact on the US #FoxNewsWorld False
Ludacris sure had the last laugh over Bill O'Reilly and Pepsi, didn't he? False
Aaron Hernandez left three handwritten notes beside a Bible in his jail cell before committing suicide False
The best SD cards you can buy for your DSLR camera  by @insider_picks False
A flight attendant’s jet lag survival guide True
Two more arrested in Michigan in first FGM prosecution in US False
Elon Musk's new company wants to link human brains with computers in 4 years False
Existing-home sales rise to a 10-year high, but homebuying remains a 'strenuous task' False
Since his death one year ago, Prince has sold more music than any other artist False
The FBI says it caught the "Straw Hat Bandit." He has a history. False
French election 2017: The main candidates False
French presidential candidates halt campaigns in the wake of Paris attack False
Daddy Yankee is set to perform at the 2017 Billboard Latin Music Awards False
Fears that Paris shooting will affect presidental election as first round looms False
#Taxes, touchdowns and travels: a wrap of #DonaldTrump's week False
'I have a two year-old girl and I thought I was going to die': witnesses describe terror of Paris attack False
New LHC results hint at new physics...but are we crying wolf? False
When she was arrested, she had just gotten her period. After about 90 minutes, they gave her gauze with no adhesive. True
Cuba Gooding Sr., R&amp;B soul singer, dead at 72 False
Bill O’Reilly accuser reveals identity, feels ‘triumphant’ he won't return to Fox News. True
Hard times? True
Trump Administration launches national-security probe on steel imports False
This 'Game of Thrones' photo may have a big Jon Snow clue True
Police officer dead after shooting incident on Champs-Elysees, in central Paris, reports say False
This 4/20, you can catch a buzz with the latest trend: the cannabis cocktail True
It should be impossible to make Jon Snow look...not great, but this 'Game of Throne' statue pulls it off True
It's still early, but quiet changes are happening in the big leagues. True
What D.C. activities are more fun when you’re high? True
Jimmy Fallon treats his guests to some really terrible food False
Syria still has up to three tons of chemical weapons, Israeli defense officials say. False
Nigeria 'gay wedding' bust leads to charges True
Serena Williams' rep confirms pregnancy, but she already deleted Snapchat photo False
Two #Airbus A320 planes carrying hundreds of passengers escape midair #crash over #Varanasi False
.@Korn debuts 12-year-old bassist False
Arkansas inmates ask SCOTUS to block all remaining executions False
Steve Kerr is a real one and that’s how he deals with life after 3-1 #BRmag False
Paul Manafort has not registered as a foreign agent False
what a concept. True
Who took (and took) the most retaken penalty of all time?  via @guardian_sport True
GM’s Chevrolet Volt electric car will be sold in China as a Buick False
Trump administration says Iran complying with nuclear deal False
me talk pretty no days True
Draymond Green reveals all of his secrets to stopping the NBA's top stars False
This might be the craziest house on Airbnb False
Trump signals 'America first', Silicon Valley second with proposed work visa reform False
Kobe studied AI the same way “great white sharks hunt seals off the coast of South Africa” False
Bodega worker convicted of killing Etan Patz gets 25 to life in prison False
Analysis: President Trump’s habitual flip-floppery, in 7 steps True
Without extending any apology, @sonunigam again took to Twitter to express his views True
BREAKING: Cleveland man suspected in Facebook video killing found dead False
Don't try to repair the Samsung Galaxy S8 on your own True
Goodbye, geek glasses: why aviators are this season’s biggest eyewear trend True
Inside the hotel industry's plan to fight Airbnb False
People like smoking weed and drinking too, who knew? True
Chris Brown allegedly 'sucker punched' a club photographer in Florida False
Lady Gaga films "A Star is Born" scenes at #Coachella with Bradley Cooper False
Shark kills teen girl surfing off Australia's coast False
Talking-car safety mandate hits unexpected opposition True
FACT CHECK: they rly should True
D-Wade played with LeBron long enough to not make this comparison lightly. True
7th-grader's science project finds cancer-fighting chemicals in green tea False
Just like Dak, Dobbs is an undervalued SEC QB with a strong arm and football IQ False
'100 Days of Horror': NY Times columnist says Trump has been 'colossal failure' False
How to dramatically improve your smartphone videos True
Selena Gomez &amp; The Weeknd get cozy at #Coachella False
Will Trump's first 100 days make or break his presidency?  via @NBCFirstRead False
Snapchat denies that its CEO allegedly said the app is 'only for rich people' False
Pence warns North Korea not to test Donald Trump False
Italy plucks 2,000 migrants from the Mediterranean Sea False
An out of control oil well on Alaska’s North Slope continues to spray crude and natural gas into the area False
16 parchment-wrapped dinners for people who hate dishes True
#Turkey's Erdogan celebrates victory as opponents vow to challenge False
A new US law will restrict women's access to health care, experts fear False
World's 'most colourful 5k run' True
#Easter celebrations: #Christian leaders call for peace in 'world of pain' False
North Korea's missile test: The view from Pyongyang False
26 fucking infuriating things that happen in every horror movie True
Canada's government has unveiled its plans to legalize recreational marijuana False
Cutting down on my smartphone use has cured my loneliness – and reconnected me with my family #premium False
.@jacquesgreene is the special guest on episode 41 of #OVOSoundRadio. Tune in. False
Trump To Be First President Since Reagan to Address NRA Forum False
An increasing number of Americans are taking drugs and supplements they don’t need False
It looks like 'Star Wars: Battlefront II' will ditch the Season Pass False
33 new beauty products you need to try ASAP True
Here's everything you should have in your car at all times False
Christians in Mexico cover themselves with hundreds of CACTI to commemorate Jesus' crucifixion in Easter ritual False
Here's when fruits and vegetables are actually in season False
United had more pet deaths in 2016 than any other major US airline False
Delta will now pay you up to $10,000 to give up your seat on an overbooked flight False
Massive rubbish mound collapse kills 16 people including four children in Sri Lanka False
Rare white wolf in Yellowstone park euthanized over injuries False
New Mexico district to cut middle-school sports to save cash False
Your dusty old bowls could be worth a fortune True
KPMGVoice: Find out how much power President Trump has over NAFTA and U.S. trade deals. False
Janet Jackson shares adorable first photo with baby boy Eissa False
These guys went into the deep woods to find Bigfoot True
Teacher's unique before-school program boosts little girls' confidence False
Confidence is high but economic gains are elusive True
Wisconsin man who mailed manifesto to Trump is captured after 10-day manhunt False
"Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" star Kim Richards says she dated President Trump False
The Mariners sent in an emergency order for more toasted grasshoppers after selling nearly 1,000 batches so far. False
One American town. Many different ways of being American. False
#ICYMI: Is there life on one of Saturn's moons? False
The trailer of SachinABillionDreams is finally out! 😍 False
There's no stopping a woman with a dream to #travel and a #motorbike to get her there. #Inspired #TravelDiaries 😱😍👊🏍 False
Family reeling after 13-year-old accidentally kills self on Instagram Live False
Africa's top shots True
Watch Dave Chappelle salute Charlie Murphy at John Mayer concert False
Trump's reversals on economic policy show Wall Street financiers may be gaining the upper hand in the White House False
U.S. military drops 21,600 pound bomb—known as the "mother of all bombs"—in Afghanistan: False
Tory Lanez arrested for possession of handgun and weed: False
Couple contracts rat lungworm disease on Hawaii honeymoon False
Housing market grinds to a halt as number of homes on market hits record low False
Confused 3-year-old has some serious questions about Easter traditions True
Do only people of a certain economic class waste food? #FoodWastageBan @narendramodi True
The chain collision of Pepsi, United and Sean Spicer fail — in one meme False
Rural America friendly to Trump, but Trump's budget not so friendly back False
Donald Trump: 'Nato no longer obsolete' False
In the Tennessee Delta, a poor community loses its hospital — and sense of security False
Rival airlines jump at the opportunity to mock United True
.@JamiroquaiHQ jumps onto Dance/Electronic Albums charts with "Automaton" False
White House tells agencies to come up with a plan to shrink their workforces False
'Full-scale rave' on London Tube carriage forces police intervention False
Ohio prison inmates 'built computers and hid them in ceiling' False
Britain's 30 best coffee shops #CoffeeWeek True
Yo. Yo. Yo.

Cespedes goes yard three times vs. Phillies

🎥: False
Sean Spicer steps in it by comparing Assad to Hitler: False
German police say bombs that struck Borussia Dortmund team bus were detonated by MOBILE PHONE in a 'targeted attack' False
Overbooking is a necessity for the airline industry, JetBlue's founder says False
Kendrick Lamar revealed the title of his new album over a week ago, and you missed it True
Baseball Team Values 2017 False
#Hansen's daughter said,  "I think that the nurses chose to bend the rules because he is human." #RealStories False
The petitions didn't matter. #China is going to host the barbaric #Yulin dog meat festival in June False
 False
Mead Johnson accused of selling baby formula containing bugs: False
#China once again steals away #India's credit too. 
#IndianNavy False
People are taking their frustrations out on United Airlines by trolling them hard False
From Elle to Game of Thrones, why is culture obsessed with rape? False
Spain mourns first woman defence minister Carme Chacón False
Watch this Filipino boy turn into the spitting image of Nicki Minaj True
An estimated 70,000 people in Hungary protested their leader on Sunday False
Hillary Clinton says "misogyny played a role" in her loss. Research suggests she might be right. False
U.S. officials fault Moscow on Syria ahead of Tillerson visit False
North Korea says U.S. airstrike against Syria prove its nuclear weapons are justified. False
Materials used to fireproof sofas are linked to a 74% rise in thyroid tumours False
Wall Street made Charles Murphy successful and rich, but happiness eluded him False
He’s done it again! 

Tebow hits 2nd home run of the season for Columbia Fireflies

🎥: False
A sex dungeon owner tells you everything you've secretly always wanted to know True
Wind gust blows inflatable bounce house into the air, injuring 5 children False
Indian police arrest alleged ringleader of IRS scam False
Harry Styles' biggest #SignoftheTimes influences False
Omarosa gets married at Donald Trump's DC hotel  via @GMA False
US warships diverted to Korean peninsula amid North Korea nuclear threat  (Pic: Reuters) False
Thirteen killed and 42 wounded as Coptic church is bombed north of Cairo False
Trump’s decision to launch missiles in Syria had his critics cheering and left some of his supporters horrified False
Instead of letting hotel soap go to waste, this group recycles it for places that need it False
Innovative housing options emerging to help autistic adults find independence False
The US-Mexico barrier isn't always on true border, leaving this family on south side and slowing firefighter access True
7-year-old Syrian girl tweets support for President Trump's airstrikes False
Model prisoners True
Airbnb host cancels Asian woman's reservation at the last minute, telling her: 'It's why we have Trump' False
Here's your weekend project: 14 ways to spring clean your finances  via @NBCNewsBETTER True
One killed after gunman opens fire at Miami Equinox gym  via @NBC6 False
Trump asked African Americans what they had to lose. For this rural Kentucky community, the answer is tangible. True
Poland building collapse leaves three dead False
These beautiful devices prove the upside — and downside — of making your home 'smart' False
The people stuck in the crossfire in Iraq False
If you want to end a relationship, this is how to do it True
In this #hardhitting video marine biologists remove a piece of #straw from a #turtle's nose with painstaking efforts False
16 products that will have your Instagram account looking fire True
Retail pain on full display in March jobs report False
Topshop's been accused of cultural appropriation for this jumpsuit: False
Foot Locker responds to allegations of a shady 'Royal Jordan 1s' release caught on video True
 True
.@AmbassadorRice, Obama colleagues take heat for past claims on Syria chemical weapons purge False
Golf continues to be one of the least progressive sports -- and that needs to change False
With Kendrick out of the way, can @joeybadass go No. 1? False
The Jays and Nigel Barker had a "Top Model" reunion and people are excited False
Embracing figures at Pompeii 'could have been gay lovers', after scan reveals they are both men False
So the (basically) official Arthur Twitter just called out John Legend True
The earbuds of the future will let you control your phone with just the look on your face True
[SLIDE DECK] The Internet of Everything — $12.6 trillion ROI expected over the next decade False
Syrian Americans offer measured praise for airstrikes: "It's bittersweet" False
UBS: Disney's Shanghai Disneyland is a major success False
Tebow went yard in his first at-bat in the minors and Twitter proceeded to go off False
iPad 2017 review: $329 gets you a new iPad. We done? False
Give Joey Bada$$' new album "All-AmeriKKKan Bada$$" a listen False
6-year-old kid busts out an impressive eurostep 😳

🎥: True
Swedish police say a vehicle has injured people in the Swedish capital #Stockholm False
South Africa is cut to junk by Fitch in its second ratings blow in a week False
YouTube has blocked ads on videos from channels with under 10,000 views False
How conniving carmakers caused the diesel air pollution crisis True
Tech companies must do more to avoid using minerals tainted by rights abuses False
Syria says U.S. missile attack is an "aggression" that led to "losses" False
Here's something you probably never knew about 'Golden Girl' Rue McClanahan False
It is just gut-wrenching how common it is for #Godmen to sexually #assault their trusting #disciples False
Gen. Keane: #Trump Sent 'Loud, Clear Message' to Our Adversaries With Airstrikes in #Syria False
Shia LaBeouf has complete meltdown at bowling alley, calls bartender a "f**king racist!": False
In his first interview since his ouster, Preet Bharara remains confused as to why President Trump fired him False
.@paparoach and @Imaginedragons nab Airplay chart No. 1s False
Carrie Fisher will now (officially) be a Disney Legend False
The House intel chairman is stepping aside from a Russia probe amid allegations he disclosed classified information False
Senate invokes historic 'nuclear option' rules change to confirm Gorsuch False
🚨  new music from @gorillazband x @pusha_t x @MavisStaples 🚨 False
This is the biggest amount granted to a draw participant since the inception of the #raffle bonanza. #Lottery #UAE True
What’s wrong with this photo of Melania Trump and Queen Rania? True
Here come initial jobless claims... True
The Nazi death gas so horrific even Hitler feared using it False
STORY: Terrorists may seek to target #AnzacDay commemorations in Gallipoli, Government #auspol says False
 True
American survivor of London terror attack gives emotional first interview False
#ICYMI: Blooming cherry blossoms help Tokyo shake off winter blues  #Japan False
"Inebriated" teacher asked 14-year-old to drive her to Waffle House, cops say  via @NBC6 False
The percentage of empty storefronts in malls barely moved last quarter False
These teen investigative journalists did something that caused real change. True
Pepsi pulls Kendall Jenner advert amid outcry False
Bannon loses National Security Council seat False
White House Chief Strategist Stephen Bannon no longer part of National Security Council False
President Trump is erasing the red line in Syria and drawing a hard line on North Korea False
Rick Ross reportedly strikes plea deal in felony kidnapping &amp; assault case False
How student loans make it harder to achieve a cornerstone of the American dream by age 30 False
Russia blames Syrian airstrike on chemical weapons factory for deaths False
A floating techno-libertarian city might be coming to the Pacific False
Road where NSW mum and children died wasn't closed, locals say  #nswfloods False
Here are the best titles coming to Netflix in April True
For this clothing retailer, a future of foreign flair and Brexit bother  via @Bfly True
World Wide Web founder wins the "Nobel Prize" of computing False
21 pictures that will only slightly piss you off True
Sheryl Sandberg unveils her latest mission: closing the gender gap  #EqualPayDay False
Assad has unleashed horror on Syria. The EU must not make a deal with him | Raed Al Saleh False
Happy Birthday @AustinMahone! Celebrate with his 5 best songs False
Joel Berry had one thing left on his NCAA to-do list.

He checked it off last night True
15 best children's books of all time #picbookday True
Review: ‘Amélie’ Is Easy to Listen To, but Never Really Sings True
9 products your vagina will love True
Has being busy become a humblebrag?  via @NBCNewsBETTER False
Mexican newspaper shuts down because so many journalists are killed by drug cartels False
 True
Inside North Korea: fascinating images of the world's most secretive state True
"I have to do a better job of not showing up my teammates out on the floor." True
Desperate search launched for 22 seamen on capsized cargo ship  #StellarDaisy False
All for the love of #SwachhBharat. @narendramodi True
'Is this a joke?': Golfer Lexi Thompson in disbelief after four-stroke penalty – video False
#TheWalkingDead finale features one last heartfelt tribute False
Apparently, the last thing he wanted to see was popular watering holes in cities shut down. #HighwayLiquorBan False
Donald Trump says US prepared to go it alone on North Korea nuclear threat False
Curry thought responsible for at least 200 Indian policemen being hospitalised False
In recent years, #Singapore has emerged as a key opponent of allowing foreign professionals into the island nation False
Adani plans to export low-quality, high ash coal product to India, court told  #coal #adani #mining False
Trump says the United States can "solve North Korea" without China's help False
The Duke and Duchess of Cornwall's European Tour, in pictures False
Migos’ Offset blasts XXXTentacion for claiming Drake stole his flow. False
 True
10 things no one tells you before you take up rowing #boatrace2017 True
21 coffee hacks to step your game up True
People are using #BlackWomenAtWork after Bill O’Reilly’s comments about Maxine Waters’ hair False
.@BigSean receives the key to Detroit. False
Sen. Lindsey Graham jokes about Michael Flynn and Devin Nunes at town hall False
Pilots of 2 small planes dead in mid-air collision in Florida False
Feds fear terror groups developing laptop bombs that evade airport security False
Video: Armless basketball player, 13, wins game with last second shot False
Maldivian model who appeared on the cover of Vogue commits suicide at a hostel in Bangladesh False
The 13 new songs you need to hear this weekend True
5 hotels with fascinating past lives - by @jetsetterdotcom True
New book reveals 101 sex positions for curvy women True
Missing Nottingham mother poses 'risk of harm' to sons, court says False
Are Wall Street banks doing enough to prevent shoddy Chinese IPOs? True
Analysis: Ivanka Trump complained when the media called her "adviser." Now she’s officially an adviser. False
You probably missed this one detail in the 'Game of Thrones' trailer True
'Putting it bluntly madam, you are sex mad,' judge tells woman jailed for group sex with underage boys False
GOP lawmaker: The Bible says the unemployed "shall not eat" False
This cat's Instagram game will shame the hell out of you. True
Russian submarines have increased patrols to the level last seen during the Cold War, says navy chief False
Britain just made  a fool of itself - and there's more to come True
Cat goes missing from Denver and turns up 9 months later... in Dallas!  via @NBCDFW False
Oklahoma home invasion shooting: 3 victims broke into property earlier that day False
Fertility expert reveals the pregnancy etiquette EVERYONE should follow True
UK mom says she learned on Facebook that her daughter died True
Telling good from bad is tough for bond investors in India False
Did you like "Serial"? Here's why their new podcast, "S-Town," is better. True
🚨 NEW KENDRICK LAMAR 🚨 

Listen to "Humble" NOW: False
What we know about Uber's self-driving car crash False
Bank of Japan's moves - from monetary policy to market operations - are in the spotlight False
Here comes GDP... True
Australian cyclone leaves shark stranded upstream: False
This beauty queen cured her acne with one diet change True
Spanish woman given jail term for tweeting jokes about Franco-era assassination False
Ex-Cyclone Debbie forces mass closure of Queensland schools False
STEM enrolments hit 20-year low, but #scientists have an idea to stop the slide False
How one woman is using Tinder to take advantage of men True
Samsung unveils first new Galaxy 8 phone since Note 7 – video False
Devon and Leah Still celebrate two years in remission False
Heartburn drugs linked to recurring superbug infections, new study suggests: False
FDA approves powerful new drug for eczema False
#Myer raid could trigger #DavidJones merger: analyst  #ausbiz False
Right after the birth. True
Paul Ryan rejects call for Devin Nunes to step aside from probe into alleged Russian interference in election False
Petition says Melania Trump must live in White House or pay for NYC security False
Vince Carter "definitely" will wear T-shirt showing him dunking on Trump False
61% of French adults say Islam is incompatible with their society, new poll shows False
The #journalist, reportedly, even shared details including those of contacts who helped her enter the #cantonment True
South Korea Sewol ferry disaster: Human remains found False
Women flood Twitter with stories of the first time their clothes were sexualized True
30 years later, the creepy Max Headroom broadcast interruption remains unsolved True
Val Kilmer defends odd rant about Cate Blanchett False
Trump will sign an executive order Tuesday to cancel Obama's carbon-cutting policies False
Kodak Black has one less legal issue to worry about: False
Why are people obsessed with dangerous gym stunts? True
16 year old sets new world record by breaking 111 blocks in 35 seconds...with his head

🎥: False
Conspiracy theorists spot a 'huge tower' on the surface of Mars False
SUMWUN GWUMPY True
Is this the Swiss watch industry's great digital disruptor? True
Jaime Lannister almost spoiled a major "Game Of Thrones" plot point False
Intel chair Nunes' White House meeting with source raises concern over Trump inquiry False
Analysis: States with more Planned Parenthood clinics have fewer teen births and sexually transmitted diseases False
Renters outnumber owners in half of U.S. cities True
Show this to anyone who says Muslims don't condemn terror attacks False
Eight feared dead as avalanche hits Japanese high school students False
Why Saturday morning's the time to party in Louisiana True
This is how much profit Porsche makes per car False
Restaurant offers unique cellphone discount True
"Walking Dead" star Ross Marquand does some killer impressions False
Smile! This restaurant’s two-way mirror is filming you taking selfies False
In photos: Hundreds detained in Moscow during protest against government corruption False
United Airlines faces backlash after refusing to let girls board plane in leggings. False
Alright, so, how does Arthur wear glasses? False
'Beauty' still a box office beast as 'Power Rangers' opens at #2 False
#CheteshwarPujara completed another milestone when he broke #GautamGambhir's record. False
Missing ex-FBI agent Robert Levinson: Family files lawsuit vs. Iran False
House Ways and Means chairman aims to move his tax reform bill through committee this spring False
Top #news stories from today! True
Lewis Hamilton: 2017 rules made battle with Sebastian Vettel ‘harder than ever’  via @guardian_sport False
Jesse Lingard: ‘With the talent England have got, we can do damage’  via @guardian_sport False
30 delicious things you never knew you could make with a Crock Pot True
Egypt's former dictator Hosni Mubarak is freed after six years False
At Least 14 People Shot at Cincinnati Nightclub, One Dead: Police False
Brazil teacher changes hairstyle to support bullied girl False
A fake IRS scam tried to dupe this police officer - but he got the best revenge True
VMwareVoice: Transforming security: The principle of least privilege False
Beijing favorite Carrie Lam to be Hong Kong’s next leader False
Kuldeep Yadav scripted the perfect debut on Day 1 against #Australia in #Dharamsala. #IndiaVsAus False
Meet Trump's closest business partner,  Phil Ruffin:  #ForbesBillionaires False
"This is about having peace throughout all communities and religions and races." False
The totally, very much unedited video of Trump's truck photo op False
Oh? True
Hong Kong's new leader will inherit the world's freest economy, but also a fragile one False
US: Airstrikes hit ISIS in area where civilian deaths are alleged False
The nighttime routine that’ll make you more productive tomorrow  via @NBCNewsBETTER True
U.S. military acknowledges it launched strike against ISIS that allegedly killed more than 100 people in Iraq False
Iggy Azalea's music videos, ranked False
Secrets of what ancient mummies look like under their wrappings are finally being revealed False
An anti-Trump movement is calling for the boycott of these 36 DAPL-linked banks True
Remember those "rogue" government Twitter accounts? This one wasn't so rogue after all True
Here's what the failed Obamacare repeal could mean for tax reform True
Sampha and Run the Jewels: this week’s best UK rock and pop gigs False
Italian man acquitted of sexual violence charges because the woman didn’t cry out or scream False
UN fears 200 died in coalition airstrike on Mosul, Iraq False
This #EarthHour, you can save 7,618 tonnes of coal in an hour. #EarthHour2017  … False
An Uber self-driving car has been involved in a crash in Tempe, Arizona False
18 weird-ass sex toys that might actually be genius True
Tiny, self-driving robots have started delivering food in Silicon Valley — take a look False
What cocaine does to your body and brain True
Trump healthcare vote withdrawn False
Statue of Mary 'begins weeping blood' at a church in Argentina False
Who could begrudge Lukas Podolski his Roy of the Rovers ending?  By @englische_woche False
Paul Manafort, ex-Trump campaign manager who is under fire for ties to Russia, will testify before House committee False
The ruble rallies after the Russian central bank's surprise rate cut False
The Suns' starting lineup Thursday had an average age of 21 years, 14 days.

Gonzaga's average? 22 years, 150 days. False
Tennessee school bus driver to be arraigned in crash that killed 6 children False
Lone wolf or soldier of the Islamic State? True
Here’s why dozens of celebrities are making the ‘W’ sign True
Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge on motherhood: "Nothing can really prepare you." False
.@krauthammer: 'Pretty Big Violation' If #Trump Team Was 'Improperly' Surveilled #First100 False
‘Prevenge’ Review: An unborn baby sends her mother on a killing spree in a debut feature from Alice Lowe False
When couples divorce, who gets to keep the dog? (Or cat.) False
When President Trump sent greetings to the Iranian people for Persian New Year, he ignored the government in Tehran False
TONIGHT on 'Hannity': @DevinNunes Discusses Explosive Surveillance Revelations - Tune in at 10p ET on Fox News! False
Trump sticks to claim of widespread voter fraud, despite having no proof False
Florida mom convicted of shooting at husband wants stronger stand-your-ground law False
"My colleague saw bodies lying on the floor and someone said a policeman has been knived" True
Renters now rule half of America's cities False
Chile sentences 33 over Pinochet-era disappearances False
Westminster attack: police hunt for clues after five dead in 'sick and depraved' incident False
President Trump, desperate for a win, bets on health care False
Mixing #alcohol with highly caffeinated #energydrinks could be increasing the risk of falls and injury. @healthmeup False
House intel member on Russia-Trump inquiry: 'There is more than circumstantial evidence now' False
And @theIllmore crown for best late-night party at #SXSW goes to... #TIMBERLANDxCOMPLEX False
Is it time for an independent investigation? "No I think what we're doing in the Senate is working," Graham responds False
Woman pulled alive from the River Thames beside the bridge where a major terror attack saw pedestrians hit by a car False
7 heartwarming predictions we have for the 'Love Actually' reunion True
Reflation trade hangs in the balance as health care vote looms False
Politicians described chaotic scenes in Westminster False
Cheeky little girl steals the Pope's skullcap as she gives him a kiss False
Pedro Quevedo never imagined he'd hold the fate of the Spanish government in his hands False
Conservative pastor claims anointed cake stopped a guy from being gay False
Apple debuts red iPhone to fuel fight against AIDS False
'SCOTUS bladder' question defuses tension at Gorsuch hearing   via @foxnewspolitics False
Minister resigns amid investigation into parliamentary jobs he gave daughters while they were still at high school False
Jets are “very intrigued” by QB Mitchell Trubisky in the 1st round, per @RichCimini False
The best colorway of every Air Jordan False
Lil Wayne says he's not stressin' about "bullsh-t a-- Birdman" False
What makes Norway the world's happiest country? Share your photos and experiences True
Here's how to see every serious global tourist attraction in less than a month True
What is Drake’s More Life: a mixtape, an album or a playlist? True
Coach's wife escorted out of arena after loudly cursing at NCAA tourney False
This group is taking people to church -- to make them more powerful citizens True
.@JioMukesh Ambani is #India's highest-ranked at the 33rd spot with a net worth of $23.2 billion! False
The countdown begins: Britain to begin two-year process of exiting the EU on March 29. False
Dave Chappelle explains why it "hurts his feelings" to watch "Key &amp; Peele" False
OPINION: How #Centrelink can win back Australians' trust after robo-debt debacle  (Pic:AAP) False
A map of the world's happiest countries True
Nicki Minaj surpasses Aretha Franklin for the most Hot 100 hits by a female artist: False
Paradigm Agency announces inaugural Cookout party with back-to-back DJ sets at #MMW2017 False
The Yankees have a top prospect waiting behind Didi Gregorius. 

Who will start at shortstop on Opening Day? False
Tebow assigned to the Mets’ low Class-A affiliate False
Report: Chuck Berry died of natural causes False
Stephen Hawking is being sent to space False
Utopian thinking: to ‘take back control’ of England, we must find out who owns it | Guy Shrubsole False
Target sends powerful message with bikini ads  via @YahooStyle True
This Pizza Test Will Reveal Why You’re Still Single True
"Beauty and the Beast" live-action remake roars at the box office on its opening weekend False
Sparrows are on the verge of extinction, but we can make a difference.
On #WorldSparrowDay let's pledge to save them! False
Watch this high school basketball referee shut down the gym with a perfect windmill dunk. False
A Navy SEAL explains why you should end a shower with cold water True
HHS Sec. Tom Price defends proposed Medicaid work requirements  #ThisWeek False
This mom's maternity acroyoga is out of this world True
An economic surprise index is at a three-year high—why that is a warning sign for stocks True
BBC must now do for arts what it has done for science, says R4 culture boss False
Billionaire #RakeshJhunjhunwala bought a Rs 371crore building only to tear it down! False
"Trump sheriff" scorns Milwaukee mayor for getting his ass kicked aiding attacked woman False
The internet had a field day comparing #YogiAdityanath to #VinDiesel! False
Let's take a closer look at President Trump's budget director's claim that Meals on Wheels doesn't "get results" False
'Beauty and the Beast' in VR? Actually kind of incredible True
Conor McGregor declares he will "stop Floyd" Mayweather and "take over boxing." False
No upsets took some drama out of the first two tourney days.

But it also means this weekend is going to be awesome. False
Mandarin Gets One Shining Moment in a First-Round N.C.A.A. Game False
Dividend stocks aren't as great as they used to be True
The writer of The Matrix reboot wants to clear a few things up False
Once a major D.C. record chain, Kemp Mill Music is closing its last location False
The intriguing conspiracy theory why the White House would only leak Trump's 2005 taxes False
Ex-Power Ranger pleads guilty to killing roommate with sword False
More than 31 refugees killed in attack on boat False
The Dutch rebuff of populist politicians has not ended anxiety about the French election False
21 things you know if you love people but also hate them True
A new window into the extraordinary life of Sally Hemings False
"Show you how inexperienced we are, one of my players said, 'There's a lady in the huddle stealing our plays.'" True
.@spoontheband's three-night #SXSW residency ends on a high note False
"By tweeting about Obama, Trump moved the last weak Jenga block. Now the tower is wobbling." False
How Cathay's stock returns went from bad to worse over 3 CEOs False
27 wholesome celeb stories that prove you should meet your idols True
Russia court to consider Jehovah's Witnesses ban False
Ed Sheeran drops official lyric video for Irish-tinged "Galway Girl" on #StPatricksDay False
5 winning work strategies to borrow from millennials  via @NBCNewsBETTER True
"The fascist left has been empowered" True
Baby pygmy hippo in debut splash False
FTSE 100 struggles for direction as the first G20 finance meeting of the Trump era gets underway False
Ancient Egyptian Pharaoh statue not Ramses II, but Psamtek I  (Pic: Reuters) False
Twitter joins NewFronts as Yahoo drops out False
As Donald Trump wants to kill Meals on Wheels, the internet pleads with him to reconsider False
Northampton couple convicted of nearly 100 child sex offences False
How one politician is taking action after U.S. Marines nude photo scandal True
A pretty cool move by Shaq: True
Statue discovered in Cairo is NOT of famous pharoah Ramses II False
Clinton private email probe hindered by State Department, Chaffetz says-- via @brookefoxnews False
Trump just nominated a top Boeing executive to be Mattis’ second-in-command False
Watch James Corden's #CrossWalkTheMusical "Beauty and the Beast" False
Why Trump's budget may not be going anywhere  via @NBCFirstRead False
Stephen Colbert hilariously spoofs Rachel Maddow's Trump tax-form tease False
Two arrested after hostages taken in German bank False
What the federal interest rate hike means for you False
Common pain meds are linked to a higher risk of heart problems False
Crohn's disease illustration wins science Wellcome Image Awards False
Britons' drinking habits are ginning up the inflation data False
Eddie Murphy teased a 'Coming to America' sequel, and everyone lost their damn minds. False
Trump calls Hawaii judge's decision to block "watered-down" travel order "an unprecedented judicial overreach" False
Politico watched Rachel Maddow last night and thought, "wow, this is a great way to present news!" False
You, an intellectual: Surely THIS will stump the Trump!
Me, a simpleton: True
Jeff Sessions: Marijuana is 'only slightly less awful' than heroin False
The experts have weighed in with their #MarchMadness picks and we take a look False
Las Fallas: Valencia's spectacular festival of fire False
Osmani Garcia enters rehab due to physical &amp; emotional exhaustion False
‘Princess’ #ParisJackson says her dad Michael treated her like royalty False
#Hot100 Chart Moves: Lorde's a-leaping &amp; Ed Sheeran debuts 10 songs from "Divide" False
Marine A: How six months of 'hell' led to killing of Taliban insurgent False
Will you inherit less than you think? True
Things took an an ugly turn when a #batsman shoulder-barged a #bowler after he celebrated after taking his #wicket False
Prince William busts some adorably bad dance moves  via @YahooCelebrity False
Australian woman released after #Kabul kidnapping last November False
Watch Latina silence woman's bigoted rant with message of solidarity False
Do you work a four-day week? We're keen to hear your experiences — get in touch with us by replying to this tweet! True
Disney POSTPONES release of Beauty and the Beast in Malaysia after 'gay' character backlash False
The key to an affordable New Zealand vacation? A cushy camper van False
The most popular Final Four picks are Kansas, Villanova, North Carolina, and Arizona False
Restricted free agent Malcolm Butler negotiating a deal with the Saints, per @RapSheet False
Snowed in? Here's what to watch today.  via @watching True
GLANCING BLOW: Nor'easter pounds region, but dire forecast fizzles False
RANKED: The 18 worst new TV shows of the year so far, according to critics True
Adele does dirty stand-up when power goes out at Australian show False
Duke has been hot, but their lack of interior defense could prevent them from winning it all False
Dozens dead after collapse of mountain of trash at massive garbage dump in Ethiopia: False
CBO: 14 million more Americans won't have health insurance next year if American Health Care Act is enacted. False
Ed Sheeran will make a guest appearance on upcoming season of 'Game of Thrones': False
Meet the fluorescent tree frogs of South America False
John Lewis blasts GOP rep's "bigoted and racist" comments False
EXCLUSIVE: American citizens forced by U.S. border agents to hand over phones to be searched False
Millennials. True
St. Louis County prosecutor calls newly surfaced footage of Michael Brown "not relevant" False
The BIG3 league will open its inaugural season on June 25 at the Barclays Center False
Ed Sheeran announces surprise extra date at the O2 Arena True
Vista to buy DH and combine it with financial-tech firm Misys False
Yahoo outlines leadership plan following Verizon deal False
Use it all: Anna Jones's recipes that waste nothing | The modern cook False
Positives in short supply after Coventry fail to take flight under Robins | Jeremy Alexander  via @guardian_sport False
Paul Ryan says he "can't answer" how many will lose coverage under GOP health care plan: False
Joni Sledge, Member of Sister Sledge, Dies at 60 False
ROCKEFELLER: US stocks are clearly near the top, and Europe is set for its own Trump rally False
Traders are paying 'extortionate fees' to short Snapchat False
White House vows plan will offer insurance to every American, downplays upcoming CBO report False
U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara was fired after refusing Justice Department orders to resign False
Will art-filled Florence come tumbling down? False
The 20 funniest tweets from women this week True
This is what President Donald Trump sees when he opens his Twitter feed False
Nicki Minaj's new Tidal-exclusive playlist appears to be throwing shade at Remy Ma. False
#ICYMI: New era for Labor as @MarkMcGowanMP elected Premier in landslide #WAElection False
Man "bursting out of his pants" arrested for cocaine smuggling at airport False
Vice President Pence makes the case for health care overhaul in Kentucky False
Are you a '90s pop culture pro? Join our LIVE '90s trivia game show now:  #MashHouse #SXSW False
Sure. True
Top Dem on House Intelligence Committee sees "no evidence" backing Trump's wiretap claim False
Dozens killed as twin bomb attack targets Shia pilgrims in Damascus False
Geek State. True
Safaree Samuels says he would’ve gotten Nicki Minaj and Remy Ma to work together. False
Side-by-side photos show just how destructive Japan's 2011 earthquake and tsunami were False
It's Day 2 of 'The Mashable Show'!
Tune in at 1pm ET/ 12pm CT &amp; discover the best of #SXSW with us!
 #MashHouse True
Physician, heal thyself. True
Flynn told Trump team he might register as a foreign agent False
What I’m really thinking: the gay Christian True
Cursive makes a comeback! 14 states now require proficiency in cursive in public schools False
How professor/dad Robert Kelly realised he'd gone viral. Very, very viral True
Opinion: The bombs of Steve Bannon False
Say it ain't so! True
The Patriots continue to be aggressive, the Packers make a surprise move and Terrelle Pryor bets on himself: False
Andre Drummond after guest verse in rap song: "I'm not a rapper." False
Coach K, Bitmoji enthusiast (according to his players) False
Sean Spicer sends distress signal to America with upside-down flag pin False
UK will rejoin European Union some day, says EU commission chief – video False
Horrific moment kneeling woman receives 100 lashes for having sex outside of marriage False
21 people who trolled Gordon Ramsay with their shitty food tweets True
#CentralRailway (CR) unveiled India's first air-conditioned #railambulance False
Beauty in the Bible: Illustrating the world's most widely distributed book False
A caviar infusion from Pernod's Paris laboratory aims to refresh vodka False
A flower pot in an English garden turned out to be part of an ancient Roman sarcophagus True
Disney's live-action #Aladdin holds open casting call for leads False
The dreaded performance review is getting shorter and simpler False
All of Andy’s friends from "Toy Story" share his face and it’s terrifying True
‘Kong: Skull Island’ review: bungle in the jungle False
Amazon best-seller 'Reasons to Vote for Democrats' is quick read False
A little ways up from 105th position and 4.1 Mbps speed till three months ago False
Sessions directs federal prosecutors to target the nation’s most violent offenders False
How the 20,699-word iTunes T&amp;Cs became this year's hottest graphic novel True
What kind of online porn user are YOU? Take the test that reveals your habit True
Ashleigh Watterson's lawyers accuse doctor of dismissing 5-month-old baby who died False
IS leader Baghdadi abandons Mosul fight to field commanders, U.S intelligence believes False
EU lawmaker says news publishers’ rights proposal should be dropped True
Thanks, Stevie Wonder: Radio industry's Bill Velez responds to icon's open letter False
Several players took to social media to recognize Nowitzki's historic milestone: True
Google's Diane Greene just promised to protect other women at Google if they come forward False
Hawaii wastes no time challenging Trump's new travel ban, asking federal judge to issue temporary restraining order False
Playing violent video games doesn't make you a bad person, study suggests False
Cate Blanchett: My moral compass "is in my vagina" False
19 pictures that will make any stoner say “wow, yup” True
Valfrejus avalanche: One dead and two missing in France False
International Women's Day: Meet the grannies going to school True
.@JoeHockey criticises US for reneging on #TPP, touts benefits of free trade  (Pic: AAP) False
Watch this incredible newly unearthed Kanye West interview from 2013. True
A sponge that cleans up oil spills? Scientists are on it: False
A long-awaited Republican plan to repeal the Affordable Care Act faced a revolt from conservative forces False
Amazing five-year-old becomes the sole carer of her grandma and great-grandma False
Doctor says taking weed via your butt is more effective than smoking 😳 False
Perspective: "Democracy requires trust. But Trump is making us all into conspiracy theorists." False
Another Sweden incident. True
The best countries in the world? Switzerland and Canada top this 2017 list  via @TODAYshow False
Nigeria will cut stake in oil assets under President Buhari's economic plan False
The leader of the French Socialists may not actually back the party's candidate in elections False
Congratulations @Gurmeet @Debina!
You guys are inspiring! False
Don’t leave a job interview without asking these 3 questions True
Zambian shoppers run in terror when strange 'Harry Potter Dementor' figure appears in clouds False
Here’s how to make 21 healthy meals for under $50 True
#Carbon #emissions are not soaked up by #trees as well as initially thought, say scientists  #science False
im dead True
DHS Secretary Kelly says he’s considering a new policy to separate immigrant families at the border as a deterrent False
Don Cheadle claims Donald Trump used the 'n-word' on the golf course False
5 charts that show the change in scope of Trump’s immigration order False
Why General Motors lost billions in Europe, as the sale of Opel and Vauxhall is agreed False
Chrissy Teigen opens up about dealing with postpartum depression False
How Trump's new immigration order differs from the January order: True
What you need to know: Changes in Trump's revised immigration order -- via @brookefoxnews False
Kellyanne Conway defends Trump's claim that Obama wiretapped his phone False
Let’s all take a moment and laugh at these funny “Parks &amp; Rec” photos True
Bird flu detected at chicken breeding facility in Tennessee, agriculture officials say. True
The Dalai Lama tells John Oliver that horse milk can cure alcoholism on #LastWeekTonight. False
South Africa's SASSA crisis: Lumka Oliphant refuses English interview False
A single person would need an average income of $82,597 in order to pay NYC rent False
In Germany, the SPD’s pick of Schulz to run against Merkel could change dynamics of race, writes @Simon_Nixon False
The reviews are in for the new series of Top Gear False
Outgoing French President Hollande says 'ultimate duty' is to prevent Le Pen victory False
Dying author pens heartbreaking dating profile for her beloved husband True
Gladys Knight starts fundraising effort for community center False
Flint mayor: City needs 2 years before it can treat its own water False
He was president when Twitter was banned; now he's tweeting False
AG Sessions to submit amended testimony on Monday. False
Mexico Launches $50 Million Campaign in Legal Aid for Undocumented Immigrants False
Here's how the US military is sticking it to Beijing in the South China Sea True
A group demanded a space for students of color. Now they say they’re being called racists. False
Drumpfffffff!!! True
Despite severe warnings from homeless charities, Theresa May is going to cut housing benefit for young people False
A man known as "NJ Weedman" was raided by a SWAT team as he was streaming live on Facebook False
The 10 most promising jobs of 2017 and the skills you need to get them True
Pizza dipped in milk is a crime against pizza, humanity True
Dog named Picasso because of his unusual face is finally adopted False
Mexican politician climbs border wall to prove Trump’s plan is pointless False
26-year-old New York man charged with attempting to provide material support to one or more foreign terrorist groups False
Zika infection raises a pregnant woman's birth defect risk 20 times False
John Ross unofficially breaks Chris Johnson’s 40-yard-dash record with 4.22 run 🔥

🎥: False
As Louis Tomlinson is arrested after allegedly attacking a press photographer, we look back across his year False
.@yg_trece has been designing his first signature sneaker since he was a kid: False
Four Ways NOAA Benefits Your Life Today False
#KimJongnam assassination: Malaysia expels North Korean ambassador Kang Chol  (Pic: Reuters) False
Ignore the Democrat witch hunt - Trump is quietly turning into a hawk on Russia, writes @timothy_stanley #Premium False
Month-old cat is rescued after thugs sewed its EYES and NOSE shut False
Welcome to the hotel with the world's worst view — please be mindful of Banksy's million-dollar art on the walls True
Jewish communities confront wave of anti-Semitic attacks False
Food stamps 'SNAP' back into debate about spending False
T-Mobile wants to win your loyalty with free iPhone 7s False
EPA to pull back on fuel-efficiency standards for cars, trucks in future model years False
d*ng who /owned/ here? True
Exclusive: Ukip donor Arron Banks reveals plans to unseat Douglas Carswell – the party's sole MP False
Rod Stewart thought it was a good idea to stage a mock beheading in in Abu Dhabi desert False
Take a look inside the @SpaceX capsule that will take two passengers beyond the moon False
Patrick Stewart is applying for U.S. citizenship so he can 'fight' @realDonaldTrump False
'Cannes of Africa' True
Uber is done giving lucrative incentives to drivers in its fastest growing market False
Rod Stewart clarifies 'mock execution' Isis  video False
"Y’all can’t do nothing to me," accused cop killer tells judge, using "sovereign citizens" defense False
House committees will consider legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare next week False
.@theresa_may tells of 'personal priority' to keep Scotland in UK False
This Scandinavian nation is finding it necessary to make cuts to its fabled welfare system False
17 hilarious Tumblr posts for everyone who is so done with school True
IEX says Nasdaq’s new way to submit stock orders may enable ‘predatory trading strategies’ False
Paul George, Jimmy Butler among the players most likely to be dealt in the offseason False
If you think your tax deadline is April 15, you'd be wrong. But April 18th, May 31 and June 30 might be right. True
Dalvin Cook proclaims that he is best running back in upcoming draft False
George W. Bush spills the beans on his unlikely friendship with Michelle Obama False
Tired: Respecting all women
Wired: Sex jokes about a Republican woman who can boast a historic national election win False
A timeline of Jeff Sessions' connections with the Russian ambassador: False
French police raid presidential candidate Francois Fillon's Paris home False
Pound 'will stay at record lows even after Article 50 is triggered' False
Former Mexican president warns Trump: "Don’t mess around with us" False
8 photos which will make you question what you know about being a woman True
A deep-fried lizard in a @McDonalds meal! Yikes! False
Marine Le Pen could be jailed for three years for 'distributing violent images' over ISIS beheading tweets False
Physical restraint in mental health units is traumatising women all over again| Katharine Sacks-Jones False
Senate Dems continue fight to see Trump's tax returns after House setbacks False
Former NBA stars condemn Stoudemire's homophobic comments False
Review: A ‘Sweeney Todd’ That Gets Into Your Face False
Sexual harassment allegations emerge in Sterling Jewelers pay discrimination case. False
42 borderline genius Ikea upgrades that only look expensive False
Metal fetus proves that Rock 'n' Roll isn't dead True
Aaron Hernandez killed 2 over 'simple bump, spilled drink', prosecutor says False
When Amazon's cloud storage fails, lots of people get wet False
The Dow Jones index just hit a new all-time record after Donald Trump’s Congress speech False
Report: Denver Broncos are in "driver’s seat" to land Tony Romo False
No honour, no pride: a brief history of Tim | Tim Dowling False
Starbucks to open in Italy after 35 years False
A pair of Ohio state defenders could hear their names early on draft night

Full mock draft: False
This is the first case where an arrest has been made in connection with technical assistance being offered to #ISIS True
.@POTUS described the movement that swept him into the White House.   #Trumpaddress False
Pres. Trump: “We must work with -- not against, not against -- the men and women of law enforcement” #JointAddress False
People are thirsting hard over young Justin Trudeau False
Um... True
A breakdown of the priceless audience reactions to the Oscar Best Picture blunder True
Here are 18 facts we didn’t know at the start of February True
Transgender sister of inauguration singer Jackie Evancho wins injunction in bathroom lawsuit False
Comforts can be easily bought, but what of #contentment? True
At a Paris exhibit of Nazi-looted art, fears for Europe run high again False
Ed Sheeran joins Jimmy Fallon to play "Shape of You" on classroom instruments False
The Oscars treated Trump like Voldemort: shaming him without breathing his name False
For children who need to be rocked to sleep, try this heavy-metal band True
17 delicious recipes to cook now and eat later True
A British songwriter accuses U2 of stealing songs for "Achtung Baby" False
Logan's Hugh Jackman: 'People think it’s easier to stay in your own backyard' – video interview False
Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch has often sided with employers in workers' rights cases. False
The strict but straightforward daily routine of the world's most successful people True
GOP politician in Louisiana dressed in blackface for "good night at church" False
Theresa May's plan to trigger Brexit next month clears major hurdle in Lords False
Ad uses Maya Angelou's "phenomenal woman" to show the endless strength of women False
Switch to #brownrice, it has the same effect as a 30-minute brisk walk! True
Search underway for burglary suspect who fatally impaled pet turtle, authorities say: False
Senate confirms billionaire Wilbur Ross to be President Trump’s secretary of commerce False
36 backstage photos from the 2017 Academy Awards False
"I’ve been to the Oscars. There was something very special missing, and then to end that way was sad." True
Accounting and consulting firm PwC reputation threatened after #Oscars mistake False
Why indie artists can't afford to skip streaming (guest post) False
Laser attacks on Heathrow aircraft increase 25% False
Did you catch the #Oscars shocker? True
Chile floods: millions of people without water in Santiago False
#ICYMI: Are selective schools the best place for gifted students? False
Competing for love in the deserts of Chad True
Breaking News: President Trump’s budget outline calls for a surge in military spending False
The best #Oscars dresses that you’ve probably never seen True
Wallace Pushes @CLewandowski_ on Whether Media Attacks Affect Trump's Agenda False
Could listening to Taylor Swift make you immoral? True
Father of dead Navy SEAL refused to meet Trump at ceremony  via @nbc6 False
This 1917 exercise plan aimed to give businessmen the poise of a crouching tiger False
Actor Bill Paxton has died at 61 False
Kim Jong-nam: VX dose was 'high and lethal' False
746 people were detained hours after President Trump's travel ban, but lawyers think there were more False
Heal thyself: meet the doctors living with the conditions they treat True
This guy perfectly recreated his Disney photo with Minnie Mouse decades later False
Number of EU care workers in UK surges False
Indonesia, Australia agree to free trade, closer naval cooperation False
NEW: Iran's navy begins drill near Strait of Hormuz, its first major exercise since Trump's inauguration False
4 soft skills you need to work on—and why: True
10 reasons Peter Gabriel's 'Solsbury Hill' is one of the all-time greatest songs True
Nicki Minaj Collection discontinued at Kmart, according to retailer's tweet False
Charlamagne Tha God talks Donald Trump, Tomi Lahren and taking his MTV2 show "Uncommon Sense" live False
The woolly flying squirrel: On the trail of the world's largest #glider False
Hollywood talent agency ditches usual Oscar party in favor of anti-Trump rally False
Just in: Democrats elect former Obama Labor Secretary Tom Perez as national party chairman False
The #science behind the attraction True
US border agents ask Muhammad Ali's son: 'Are you a Muslim?' False
How a Google tech incubator is tacking geopolitical issues online True
7 wearables saving babies' lives around the world True
BREAKING: Berkshire profit advances 15% to $6.29 billion on investments False
More foreign female immigrants needed for China's 30 million bachelors, says scholar False
Opinion: " 'Enemy of the people' is a phrase with a near-perfect totalitarian pedigree" False
President Trump wants to build another wall. But this one is in Ireland. False
.@MaheshNBhatt may collaborate with #Pakistani actors #SurgicalStrikes #UriAttacks False
Incarcerated vets find healing through shared space False
Designer slams Meryl Streep over Oscars gown False
Troy Stecher among 5 Canucks players quarantined for mumps False
Someone lost a pair of Snuggie-clad goats, but it's OK because they were found False
Art of stone False
What's in a name? True
Controversial pinelands forest preserve pipeline approved by NJ regulators False
Banter. True
Build A Wedding And We’ll Tell You If You’re Single True
The latest NASA images of Jupiter reveal giant, white storms in its turbulent south pole False
NEW: POTUS signs executive order on regulatory reform, directing gov't agencies to explore scaling back regulations. False
Chinese group to pay a record $2.2 billion for land in Hong Kong False
Volcano expert falls in a volcano... and survives! True
Morning brief: Trump to take center stage at CPAC False
52 things that mildly thrill all twentysomething grandmas True
North Korea mocks China for ‘dancing to U.S. tune’ False
"Do I haaaave to invite my rude aunt to the wedding?" And a few more Social Q's. False
Indonesia's Child Protection Commission wants compensation for minors jailed in adult prisons False
East Libya bans travel for those aged between 18 and 45 False
Jim Harbaugh thinks he deserves an 'endurance medal’ for lasting 4 years with the 49ers 😂 False
Horrifying moment an elderly woman is knocked unconscious when snow falls off a roof True
#Telegraph View : What will immigration look like post-Brexit? False
Thanks to promising young talent, the future is bright for the Cubs, Dodgers and others True
Most children sleep through smoke alarms, investigator warns False
A good party is never complete without a goodie bag, and the #Oscars are no exception  #Oscars2017 False
The king of Sweden is urging news organizations to report 'seriously' on the country False
Here's what makes #TRAPPIST1 special True
Watch this guy play out the entire 2017 Oscars, impressions and all True
Fake news headline claims former President Obama is planning a coup against President Trump. False
Um... True
Here come the Fed minutes... True
Take a peek inside this year’s Oscars swag bag True
Chinese man declares his love to his girlfriend with a £1,100 bouquet made of banknotes False
Milo Yiannopoulos has resigned from Breitbart News amid comments about child sexual abuse False
Computer problems cause major delays for American Airlines at Philadelphia’s main airport False
As Brexit nears, support for leaving the EU falls in Slovakia False
James O’Keefe threatens to release "hundreds of hours" of leaked newsroom footage soon False
Triggered. By a baby. True
Camila Cabello teams up with J Balvin &amp; Pitbull, teases collab on Instagram False
"I haven't ever apologized before." True
Teen who crashed into BMW finds out why honesty is the best policy True
Clippers and Celtics have reportedly had trade talks involving Blake Griffin in recent weeks False
Sister of one of the Americans killed when plane crashed near Melbourne, Australia remembers brother as 'great guy.' False
Austrian court approves U.S. request to extradite Ukrainian tycoon on corruption charges False
Walmart posts strong holiday and online sales, though overall profit falls in fourth quarter False
South African Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan says he is “not indispensable” False
Tensions are high in Jewish communities across the US after vandals damage about 100 headstones at cemetery False
Working longer 'doesn't increase labour productivity', economists say of ATO hours False
Paraplegic man and fiancée's creative pregnancy announcement goes viral True
Nvidia beats earnings estimates as its artificial intelligence business keeps on booming False
Here's how Hyperloop One's massive, high-speed transport system will work False
One in four Ryanair passengers forced to put cabin bags in the hold False
Oil and gas companies in Government's sights over tax deductions in May #budget False
Cats get purr-fect retro glamour shots to help them get adopted False
Dozens of workers lose their jobs for participating in Day Without Immigrants protest False
Atlanta rapper @JIDsv has joined J. Cole's @Dreamville label. False
5 ways to steer clear of IRS audit traps True
Trump tries to explain remark about Sweden amid ridicule False
#ICYMI: When your wife refuses conventional cancer treatment True
Horrific stories of women imprisoned by Syrian government who are raped and tortured False
A proposal being developed by the Trump administration would deport detained individuals immediately False
The in-arena announcer awkwardly called Kevin Durant "OKC's own" during All-Star Saturday. False
#ICYMI: Kim Jong-nam: Four more North Korean suspects wanted in murder probe False
Oil jobs were once a guaranteed road to security for blue-collar workers. Technology has upended their careers. False
Ex-teacher admits to sleepover with student, playing strip basketball with others. True
Trump called the press"the enemy." Reince Priebus says he meant it. False
Is year 12 worth it? High school students battle pressures after self-documenting final year False
Google targeting hackers in Australian hiring raid False
Dressed to frill: like her outfits, designer Molly Goddard’s reputation just keeps growing False
Knife-wielding attacker is shot by police in France after stabbing a woman in the shoulder False
Support in Marshall, Va., is one signal that Trump appears to be holding his political base. False
Everyone is super confused about Trump’s "last night in Sweden" comments False
Fun fact: No two lemurs are the same False
LaBeouf, Rönkkö &amp; Turner are reopening their HEWILLNOTDIVIDE.US installation. False
Trump: 'I'm only worried he's gonna give me a kiss' True
Kraft’s bid for Unilever follows a familiar playbook for Warren Buffett and 3G False
After turbulent first weeks in the White House Donald Trump launches 2020 re-election bid in Florida False
U.S. proposal considers prosecuting parents helping children entering country illegally False
Deep below upstate New York’s farm country, workers in ghostly tunnels are praying for snow False
Luxury hotel rooms in Portugal are surprisingly cheap - and not everyone's happy True
Last year's Oscars gift bags were worth $232,000. This year, they're dropping in value False
Trump’s sons get red carpet treatment at Dubai golf club opening False
Run a small business? Don't miss these tax deductions: True
Parents have been ordered to destroy a toy doll that may be spying on their children True
This is how censorship starts, says @JimRutenberg: not with a boot on your neck, but with fear of the president False
Virtual reality is bringing these lost worlds back to life  via @NBCNewsMACH True
.@SheriffClarke on Violent Philly Protests: 'This Stuff Is Disastrous' False
This photographer uses a thermographic camera to capture a new view of the refugee crisis True
Bill Gates says robots should be taxed False
"Late Show" imagines candidate Trump running against President Trump ➡️ by @lee_moran False
The beauty trends you’re going to see everywhere this fall  via @YahooBeauty True
College costs too much? NYU paves the way to graduate faster. False
Siri's feature-film debut in "Lego Batman Movie" False
The ins and outs of paying for President Trump's travel and security costs: True
Facing charges, Darrelle Revis turns himself in to authorities in Pittsburgh False
The “fasting-mimicking" diet: Get the benefits of fasting with less deprivation True
Thought crime!!!!! True
The history behind Trump's press attacks False
Russell Westbrook dodges questions about Kevin Durant in a hilarious way True
Who is Mike Dubke, the next White House communications director? False
Snapchat just released a 35-minute video of itself False
In the age of Trump, Kraft Heinz's offer to acquire Unilever is much less shocking True
Rep. Elijah Cummings says he is “excited about meeting” Pres. Trump False
Foolproof foundations: How to stay on the right side of the IRS True
Your favorite book characters are as real as you feel they are True
Breakthrough in dementia campaign as ex-players commit to medical research while FA prepares to launch study False
#ICYMI: What do you think of the new $10 note? False
23 adult jokes in Nickelodeon cartoons that went way, way over your head True
Darrelle Revis reportedly involved in altercation in Pittsburgh

Details: False
.@TedNugent and @KidRock Floated as Potential GOP Senate Candidates False
Aaron Gordon's dunk contest secrets. #BRmag False
Lorde's new album may have a release date False
'Very Fake News': Pres. Trump Questioned on Intel Leaks by CNN's Acosta False
The Oregon Ducks will be bringing some serious heat to the court against Utah 🔥

MORE: False
Donald Trump was asked about anti-Semitism - His response was baffling to say the least False
9 at-home remedies that actually work True
This dance center invited parents to ballet class and the results will warm your heart True
Snapchat parent sets valuation of up to $22.2 billion False
These are the FTSE 100 companies refusing to be more transparent about the pay of their CEOs True
A Mexican populist rises to face Trump’s America True
Two house chairmen have requested for Justice Department probe over Flynn "leaks" False
These 6 systems will get rid of Wi-Fi dead spots in your house True
Catholic Church paid A$276m to abuse victims in Australia False
Rex Tillerson to meet Russian counterpart at G20 in Germany False
Two House chairmen ask for Justice Department probe over Flynn "leaks" False
China app to aid child trafficking reporting False
In states where it's legal, people are swapping champange for weed and having weed weddings False
Arizona death row inmates can bring their own lethal injection drugs to executions False
The Trump administration is proposing new rules to stabilize the health care marketplace before repealing Obamacare False
Ashton Kutcher blew a kiss at John McCain and lol what is happening? True
Facebook is taking on LinkedIn by letting businesses post job listings False
Carney's new labor market theory passes its first wage test False
ICYMI: Zoo Atlanta named a cockroach after Tom Brady. False
We give you more reasons to be proud. #ISRO #WorldRecord #ISROMadeUsProud True
Mining report finds 60,000 abandoned sites across Australia, lack of rehabilitation and unreliable data False
How past presidents reacted to #SNL political impressions  via @YahooNews False
Adele's #Grammy cautionary tale: how in-ear monitors can help (or hurt) an artist False
Fox News Poll:  Sharp division along political lines on Trump's travel ban False
Immigrant covered by Obama program arrested False
Celebrities and activists share letters #toimmigrantswithlove on Twitter False
"If he lied to Pence, then, okay, there’s a reason for Flynn to be in trouble..." False
Facebook to launch app for Apple TV &amp; Amazon Fire TV False
CEOs who like to pilot planes are more likely to inspire original thinking at firms False
Yikes. 😯 

Referee pushes parent during a Michigan high school basketball game

🎥 False
11-year-old Chicago shooting victim dies, toddler gunned down hours later False
Doctors can end life-support for baby 'with only weeks to live', judge rules False
What Valentine's Day looks like if your partner is obsessed with VR False
Floyd says we're getting closer and closer to the superfight. True
Model @emrata calls out "sexism" against Melania Trump; @FLOTUS replies False
General Motors is gaining amid reported talks to sell its European business False
Colbert parodies Stephen Miller’s vow "to go on any show, anywhere, any time" False
Why first-born children really are the smartest True
The religious imagery you may have missed during Beyoncé's #Grammys act False
How the Ivanka Trump brand fell so hard, so fast True
A Dominican Republic newspaper apologizes after mistaking Alec Baldwin for President Trump False
Immigrant rights groups brace for more deportation raids: 'This is the beginning' False
More than 600 people arrested by U.S. immigration officials in one week False
"The Grammys, like America, have an inclusion problem," @joncaramanica writes False
#Closingthegap report: What is the Redfern Statement? False
With friends like these: China’s awkward position after North Korea’s missile test False
"If you’ve got a problem, go there and meet him. Say something." True
A South American country wants Trump to deport its former president False
All the big winners from the 2017 Grammy Awards True
Who won what at the Grammys True
King Tutankhamun's tomb may hold Queen Nefertiti's remains False
Grammy-winning jazz, pop and R&amp;B singer Al Jarreau has died at age 76. False
California mom run over, killed while mourning slain relative False
Here’s one industry where the U.S. is already catching China—fertilizers False
9 leadership lessons you can learn from ‘Hidden Figures’: True
Solange just won her first Grammy ever False
J.K. Rowling just maybe, possibly, probably called Trump a “populist maniac” False
O'Reilly on '@WattersWorld': The Far Left 'Just Hates' @POTUS. @jessebwatters False
Go behind-the-scenes of 'Scamalot' with James Veitch, the king of email scams False
Melissa McCarthy's Sean Spicer hosts the home shopping network on 'SNL' False
Kashmir clashes: Eight dead as troops surround gunmen False
The Northeast braced for another bout of potential blizzard conditions and bone-chilling winds, meteorologists say False
ick True
Seven years and £30m later, we finally back our frontline troops #premium True
This is going to be harder than Donald Trump expected True
Did the Warriors' official account diss Russell Westbrook on Twitter? True
A record number of Americans are renouncing their citizenship False
Speaking more than one language makes you smarter False
Two-thirds of Navy strike fighter jets are currently unable to fly False
Quote of the day: False
Reckitt CEO goes from low key to a big deal False
Indonesians pray ahead of fraught election False
.@imVkohli not producing @AnushkaSharma's new movie False
Who should win the #Grammy for best Latin rock, urban or alternative album? Vote! False
House Dems wanted to work with Trump. Now they're united against him. False
Macklemore didn't submit "This Unruly Mess I Made" to the #Grammys False
10 years ago today, Barack Obama announced his candidacy for president in the 2008 election. False
The Camden sisters had a mini "7th Heaven" reunion because nostalgia False
Mexico warns citizens to "take precautions" in US after woman deported False
The president's team has struck out again in court over the travel ban. What are Trump's next options? False
😭😭😭

John Lynch’s daughter cried after 49ers hired her dad, said team is horrible #savage False
Half of GP surgeries open for under eight hours a day, Telegraph investigation reveals False
Brands all over the world are praying that President Trump attacks them  (via @CNNOpinion) False
✨COMING SOON✨ Drake's "More Life" False
Dwayne '@TheRock ' Johnson distances himself from Under Armour CEO's pro-@POTUS remark False
Iran Holds 'Day of Rage' Against US &amp; Israel, Dismisses Trump's 'Military Threats' False
‘Quiffs were a must’: teddy boys and girls in London, 1955 False
A clue as to what Rosie O'Donnell's Steve Bannon portrayal would look like False
ICYMI: The NBA reminded its teams that league rules prohibit mocking and/or ridiculing of opponents on social media. False
David Miliband in running for top UN development job False
Katy Perry releases "Chained to the Rhythm," f/ Bob Marley's grandson, Skip Marley. False
Why don't the Japanese buy US cars? True
Stopping the Dubs scheme for child refugees is shameful and heartless | Stella Creasy False
Woman finds out both she and her daughter were mixed up at birth in Russia False
CA taxpayers shelling out big bucks for @EricHolder to fight @POTUS's agenda. False
"a collection of radical Islamists and Salafists who want to overthrow Assad &amp; implement strict Sharia law in Syria" False
Silver lining? True
The safest way to walk on ice is to impersonate a penguin — here's why True
.@Maluma announced as first 2017 @BillboardLatin Music Conference panelist False
What's next in the battle over President Trump's executive order: False
Samsung factory that made Note 7 batteries catches on fire False
.@StevieVanZandt will speak at this year's graduation ceremony at Rutgers University False
#MountEverest to get free #WiFi service at the height of 17,600 feet False
'Dear White People' trailer sparks backlash as Netflix faces claims of racism True
Many Americans don't know Obamacare and the Affordable Care Act are the same, exact thing False
Oh no... here we go...

Waka Flocka drops his Gucci Mane diss track "Was My Dawg": False
New Zealand, a destination for ultra-rich to park their wealth, has a murky trust issue False
Sen. McCain: Yemen raid was meant to capture or kill al Qaeda terrorists False
Housing crisis: the empty nester's guide to downsizing True
Harvard Book Store creates Bowling Green massacre section False
McDonald's cashier's act of kindness toward a boy with autism is an inspiration True
NEW: House of Commons gives final approval to bill authorizing government to start exit talks with European Union False
Queensland Cabinet reshuffle: Mark Furner to replace Stirling Hinchcliffe after resignation False
Well then. True
As Spicer said yesterday... True
Ingenious hack turns Amazon Dash button into Trump-fighting machine True
Turkey dismisses 4,400 public servants in latest post-coup attempt purge False
Entrepreneurs: what you need to know before issuing equity True
#ICYMI: Woah! Where did that giant sinkhole come from? #Sinkholes explained True
Twitter broadens campaign against abuse False
Prime Minister @narendramodi, once again defended #demonetisation in the Parliament False
This year's Academy Awards ceremony is shaping up to be one of the most political True
Martellus Bennett and Devin McCourty won't be visiting the White House anytime soon. False
The Trump-induced stock rally has been overdone, says outperforming Australian fund manager False
Trump missed his main target in Yemen raid that killed up to 30 civilians and one US Navy SEAL False
Your daughters may be woke... but are they Teen Vogue woke? True
Christie Brinkley poses for Sports Illustrated Swimsuit edition with daughters False
Jamie Lynn Spears' 8-year-old in reportedly critical condition after ATV accident False
Former French president Nicolas Sarkozy to face trial over campaign funding False
How to profit from Trump inflation: True
In 1 Facebook post, 3 misleading statements by President Trump about his immigration order True
People call for porn site to be banned after it jokes that it's 'not rape if you enjoy it' False
BP fourth-quarter earnings miss estimates as refining profits fall False
Politics of policing making Chicago crime wave worse?   via @MattFinnFNC False
Watch Lady Gaga's epic #SuperBowl performance in 30 seconds False
Think you bought a fake? @zshanlon says the blockchain will know  via @BV False
Author Andrew Bragg says Australia needs to fight back against trade protectionism False
Israel approved a bill that retroactively legalizes thousands of Jewish settler homes False
Appeals court to hear high-stakes arguments over Trump immigration order False
Steve Wynn is taking over as Trump's new GOP money man False
How the $27 billion in federal funding for sanctuary cities is distributed: True
‘I have never been a Lady!’ The day MPs felt the full wrath of Emily Thornberry

#Premium False
76ers and Pelicans reportedly “in talks” over trade involving Jahlil Okafor 

DETAILS: False
Obama's economic recovery has ended. Here's how he did  via @YahooFinance True
She had something to say about Betsy DeVos. So she sent her senator a pizza — with a message. True
Someone got their TPs last week! True
Top #news stories from today! True
#ICYMI: Worst Catholic groups for child sex abuse in Australia revealed False
5-year-old Florida girl dies in accidental shooting False
Tiffany CEO Frederic Cumenal stepping down, effective immediately False
Donald Trump talks Vladimir Putin, voter fraud claims, and more with Bill O’ Reilly. False
Former athlete claims 'experimental' surgery crushed Olympic hopes False
That one time Vladimir Putin took Patriots' owner Robert Kraft's super bowl ring False
A real estate investor shares his 3-word strategy for achieving financial independence True
Once on the way to the U.S., Somali refugees sent back to camp False
Russia 'weaponising misinformation' to create 'post-truth age' False
Those in-flight movie screens are going extinct False
DJ Khaled did his best to show off his basketball skills at Antonio Brown's celebrity game: False
Listen to our playlist: Mariah Carey shakes it off, and Depeche Mode looks for revolution False
A brief history of Snapchat's biggest updates False
John Legend and Ariana Grande’s cover of "Beauty And The Beast" is so damn good False
On Facebook's 13th birthday, take a look back at some of its major milestones False
Those "real people" in car commercials are either really fake or not terribly bright True
This... is not your job. True
Russian body artist gives his hairless Sphynx cat four tattoos False
Morgan StanleyVoice: Own your financial future: a guide for women False
Trump's voter fraud expert registered in 3 states False
Donald Trump thinks he can endure more controversy and pain than you True
Records have emerged that show just how closely tied Donald Trump remains to the empire he built True
The reason why synthetic marijuana, sometimes called K2 or Spice, is not safe: False
.@BritneySpears' #PieceOfMe show has topped *$100 million* in ticket sales 👏 False
After an early slump in ticket prices, seats at #SuperBowl LI are getting more expensive False
The top 10 jobs among new immigrants: False
More heavy fighting in eastern Ukraine True
#SuperBowl LI will tap tech to give viewers a player's POV False
How much money does it take to make a Snapchat founder disappear? Well... True
Bank stocks are surging as Trump promises to dismantle Dodd-Frank False
The facts about Social Security, Medicare may surprise you True
8 habits that are making millennials stressed &amp; unproductive: True
Watch Big Sean spit a crazy freestyle for Funk Flex. True
Man who murdered former NFL RB Joe McKnight indicted on second-degree murder charge: False
Coach K to return to the sidelines this Saturday after undergoing back surgery last month False
Teacher uses GoFundMe to buy vote against Betsy DeVos False
Fallen Navy SEAL gets posthumous promotion, recalled as devoted family man False
Dear Mr. President: This is how federal funding to universities works False
I wear bold lipstick as a “Fuck You” to my insecurities 💄 False
How a smart assistant can help transform your morning routine True
Amona: Israel police clear last protesters from settler outpost False
The GOP's incredible, shrinking Obamacare repeal False
Trump makes unannounced trip to honor fallen Navy SEAL False
How to get tickets for Ed Sheeran's massive UK tour False
Ex 'Idol' contestant besieged by pro-Trump Twitter users because of his name False
Educating Australia – why our schools aren't improving #opinion @ConversationEDU (pic: AAP) False
Rex Tillerson is personally invested in 15 countries: False
Many parents who rely on federally funded support for #autism therapy face a frustrating wait for the #NDIS roll-out False
12 of LinkedIn's 20 most promising 2017 jobs are in tech False
Lakers got Kobe Bryant…

…but Illinois State got Kobe Buffalomeat

Seriously. #NSD17 False
Mariah Carey reveals cover art for the YG-assisted song #IDont False
‘Pay to play’ scandal at New York pension fund prompts ouster of second employee. False
Arizona bill would let residents shoot rats or snakes they spot in their yard. False
"Please press 1" to leave a message about Donald Trump, says House Oversight voicemail False
Kanye West's Yeezy Season 5 will reportedly debut at New York Fashion Week False
These Nobel prizewinners show why immigration is so important for American science False
Mother ape plants a kiss on her two-month-old baby's cheek False
Betsy DeVos copied statute, failed to cite any of it in answers submitted for Senate record False
Mexico will pay... to keep its own citizens out! False
A surprising group affected by Trump's travel ban: airline crews False
Free college tuition could become a reality — at least in these states True
Work is underway to establish the world's first private commercial space station False
Iraq just voted to 'retaliate' against the US 'Muslim ban' False
Father John Misty releases unnerving music video for "Two Wildly Different Perspectives" False
DOJ said Trump's refugee ban is legal -- not that it's a good idea False
With May nowhere to be seen, Boris plays a bad hand badly on Trump | John Crace False
IKEA plans to roll out an “open source” sofa—able to change functions entirely over time False
Pictures showcase annoying imperfections that will drive you mad True
Ed Sheeran has revealed the video for 'Shape of You' False
Long overdue. True
Delta has grounded domestic flights because of "automation issues," according to the FAA. False
Sports world scrambles to understand Trump’s immigration order False
Tiger drags man into enclosure and mauls him to death in Chinese zoo False
Who should win album of the year at the 2017 #GRAMMYs? Vote! False
"I’d like it done in Italy." True
Passenger and horrified onlookers film tourist helicopter plunging into a river False
A detained Iraqi refugee just delivered a stunning lesson on America's values to Donald Trump True
Jeep's 2017 Grand Cherokee Trailhawk is a take-no-prisoners SUV False
"We will never, ever stop fighting on behalf of the American people." False
Migos-mania: How the Atlanta rap trio mastered the sound of silence False
o rly? True
Here's the full text of Trump's executive order on 7-nation ban, refugee suspension False
.@TurnbullMalcolm &amp; @realDonaldTrump talk for first time since inauguration, #refugee deal likely discussed  #auspol False
Expert reveals the 5 best recipes to keep you slim and full of energy – and stop you getting 'hangry' True
How fashion people are celebrating the Lunar New Year  via @YahooStyle False
Endangered animals are already cut off by a border wall. Trump wants it much bigger False
This is how monetary policy works in the Islamic State True
Knicks, Clippers reportedly seeking 3rd team for potential Melo trade False
A few snow chances over the next week we need to keep our eye on True
Listen to @JoshPan &amp; @xandgmusic go deep in new @OWSLA single "nowhere" False
Muslim group trolls Trump with 'Making America Great' billboards False
President Trump launches manufacturing initiative with business leaders False
Now you can buy and fail at building a bicycle from Ikea, too True
Trump holds meeting with British prime minister amid questions about U.S. leadership False
Cases of mumps in ongoing outbreak in Washington state worsens, with at least 298 likely or confirmed mumps cases. False
BBC Question Time audience member pulls off bizarre thumb trick #bbcqt False
Mei Dim, Manchester: ‘What Chinatowns used to be like’ – restaurant review | Marina O’Loughlin False
Fisherman who hauled in $500,000 worth of cocaine faces life in prison False
Harry Winks: ‘The buzz I get from playing for Tottenham … I don’t think it will ever go’  via @guardian_sport False
Why a rising numbers of criminals are using Facebook Live to film their acts False
ICYMI: Coach K met with players and banned them from the locker room and wearing Duke apparel. False
Cool teen builds soda machine in empty locker True
ICYMI: Rajon Rondo sounded off on Instagram a day after Dwyane Wade, Jimmy Butler criticized teammates to the media: False
'We're not just eye candy': Meet the female WWE wrestlers who are changing the game True
NEW: Kremlin says Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin will speak by phone on Saturday False
These smart knobs will prevent a kitchen disaster  via @YahooFinance True
Essence magazine to honor "Hollywood's next generation" of black women False
Taxes paid by the very richest are falling while taxes on other people are rising False
President Trump has been using his old, unsecured Android phone to tweet since moving to Washington False
15 official armored and other vehicles stolen from State Dept., prosecutors charge False
President Trump has yet to act on immigration, but nearly 1,000 New Yorkers wasted no time protesting what is next False
#EastTimor's former president Jose Ramos-Horta won't contest election, says it's time to make way for new leaders False
This dad is turning his sons’ drawings into beautifully colorful anime False
World's most passionate chef? Chinese cook breaks into disco dance while making a dish False
President Trump's official Twitter account was registered to a personal Gmail address False
Go going once, twice... the Whisky A Go Go neon sign sells at auction False
This tech CEO will pay for all customer refunds in 2017 out of his own paycheck True
Mexico wall: Trump questions talks over border dispute False
Syria war: Rebels unite after attack by Idlib jihadists False
ICYMI: He's 6'9", 394 pounds &amp; has never played high school football.

But has offers from LSU, Miami &amp; Michigan. False
Here are the potential sinister motives behind Donald Trump's voter fraud lie | Lawrence Douglas True
Iraq leader "not clear" on Trump intentions for Iraqi oil reserves False
If you don't like the way things are going, "then you do not have the right to remain silent," @RepCummings says False
Man charged with Croydon murder of Akeem Moore False
Ravens' Justin Tucker casually knocks down a 75-yard field goal at Pro Bowl practice 😱

🎥 False
Joel Embiid and Karl-Anthony Towns headline NBA Rising Stars Challenge

Full roster: False
Billie Lourd thanks friends for "finding the funny" after Carrie Fisher's death False
Lyft is about to launch a massive expansion across the US False
"This will be the last game I play as a San Diego Charger."
Philip Rivers has one more game before the big move: False
#IT department to target #Indian #MNCs avoiding #tax False
A heroic four-year old appears on This Morning to speak about saving his mother's life - but is distracted by boats False
Kim Jong Un wants to meet Trump, says a senior North Korean diplomat who defected False
Hacker who stole nude photos of Jennifer Lawrence and other celebrities jailed for nine months False
Man jailed for hacking into Jennifer Lawrence's online account False
Trump Threatens Federal Intervention in Chicago, Citing ‘Carnage’ False
Interest rate rises boost bank profit margins at customers' expense False
"There is something mystical, magical happening out there in the American public" True
Majority of promised Dakota and Keystone pipeline jobs expected to be temporary. False
From figure skating to skiing, Team USA's pipeline of young Winter Olympic stars is running dry False
How an accounting scandal and end of New Labour's big IT contracts triggered biggest ever fall in BT shares #premium False
Paul Ryan says he sees "no evidence" for President Trump's illegal ballots claim False
Go ahead, write a check for your coffee, I’ve got all day True
He was nearly 400 pounds and could never find a stable home.

Now Caleb Swanigan is a POY contender. How he did it: True
Oscar nominations snub Amy Adams, "Jackie," Tom Hanks and more False
Cab driver calls John Elway the No. 1 QB of all time, then gets the biggest surprise...

🎥 True
A lot of people are pissed that Amy Adams didn’t get nominated for an Oscar False
MPs can stop Brexit even if Article 50 is triggered False
One of the biggest cities in Europe is banning cars made before 2000 True
President Trump tells union leaders that "we're gonna put people back to work" False
Trump's HHS nominee returns to Capitol Hill: Hill: False
Some 96,000 liters of #fuel has reached #Manipur in the past 24 hours, courtesy the #IndianAirForce.
@IAF_MCC False
Dinesh D'Souza's right-wing film about Clinton gets Razzie nomination False
What we learned at Sean Spicer's first briefing True
Exclusive: @FifthHarmony, @NickJonas &amp; @CarlyRaeJepsen to perform at NHL All-Star Game False
Is this what the iPhone 8 will look like? True
Shia LaBeouf launches four year anti-Trump art project False
At least 10 people, believed to be Indonesian migrants, have drowned after their boat capsized off Malaysia's coast False
Georgia, South Carolina and Mississippi devastated by series of deadly storms, tornadoes False
Mystery deepens over world's biggest explosion 110 years ago in Russia True
🙌🏾@RaeSremmurd killed this freestyle over Jay Z's "99 Problems" False
The horrifying way some drug addicts are now getting their fix True
B/R's latest mock draft features shuffling amongst the top quarterbacks of the class False
16 of the best signs from Women's Marches False
These economies are expected to fail over the next 3 years: True
Brady and Belichick are going for ring No. 5.

Matt Ryan &amp; Co. are trying to break through.

Who ya got? Vote: False
Risk of dying from cervical cancer might be much higher than experts thought, new study in the journal Cancer says False
There’s a big showdown looming in the U.S. Treasury market False
Here’s what the #WomensMarch organizers want to happen next True
Judges may stop Theresa May's Brexit tomorrow True
We now know why all those Samsung phones caught on fire True
#ICYMI: Skydive accident survivor rediscovers passion for life in open water swimming False
Abu Dhabi will hold fixed-income investor meetings in Asia this week, a source says False
Monday’s best TV: Winterwatch 2017; Britain’s Cheap Clothes; The Halcyon False
Patriots. Falcons.

Who ya got? Vote: False
Floyd Mayweather just made $25,000, thanks to the Falcons. False
American Airlines unveils a cheaper ticket with a big catch True
Massive protests target Trump’s agenda True
Sir Ian McKellen's Women's March sign is a top-notch friendship troll False
Venezuela’s Maduro appoints Sanguino as new central bank chief False
Here’s what Metro’s Inauguration Day and Women’s March ridership numbers really mean True
Indigenous communities struggling with suicide get $10m funding boost False
This moment between Melo and a fan is a perfect summary of this season for the Knicks. False
Here's the question @tferriss asks himself to keep from wasting time True
Current, former major leaguers die in Dominican crashes False
An Italian man has describes how his friend "miraculously" survived Friday's avalanche False
Trump on ‘Saturday Night Live’? Nope. It’s Putin and Ansari. False
How will Uber, Lyft and Airbnb fare under Trump? False
#WomensMarch: What drove people to join protests around the world this weekend? True
President Donald Trump, on first full day in power, waged war on the press to a crowd of CIA officials False
Here's how the new wave of messaging has transformed customer service False
German taxman gives sex workers a break by slashing VAT for people who hire hotel rooms by the half hour False
Newly created independent spring football league invites Johnny Manziel, Ray Rice, others. False
.@AshleyJudd Recites 'I Am a Nasty Woman' Poem at DC Women's March False
People in Antarctica are holding their own Women’s March False
Trump was taken seriously by CEOs at Davos, but not literally False
Researchers just summarized over 10,000 cannabis-related studies: False
President Trump's inaugural address, by the numbers False
The Honda CR-V is an intuitive and comfy ride for the everyday driver False
Are you taking part in protests against the Trump administration? Tell us why False
Newspapers around the world dedicate their front pages to Donald Trump's presidential debut False
Trump draws much smaller inaugural crowd than Obama  #Inauguration False
Donald Trump presented a dark vision of a nation afflicted by division and dislocation, exploited and forgotten False
Inauguration Day crowds for President Trump in 2017 and former President Obama in 2009: False
During the inauguration, 2 narratives collided: that of the inauguration ritual and that of Donald Trump False
Best thing to do for middle-of-the-night insomnia? Nothing. False
Maggie Rogers, Nicky Jam &amp; more are @Spotify editors' picks for #NewMusicFriday🎶 False
Angie Martinez to develop TV projects with Endemol Shine False
Miguel Ferrer, star of 'NCIS: Los Angeles,' 'RoboCop,' has died of cancer at age 61. False
A Trump administration, with Obama staff members filling in the gaps False
Car Plows Into Pedestrians in Australia, Leaving Deadly Wake False
Has China already won the drone war? False
#ICYMI: Top #news stories from the day that was True
Spike Lee vows to never use Chrisette Michele's music: False
U.S. strikes kill ISIS militants in Libya False
.@realDonaldTrump arrives in Washington DC ahead of #inauguration False
For some China investors, the outlook for bonds is a compelling reason to buy stocks True
Fact checking @realDonaldTrump: global warming is not a hoax. #GlobalWarning False
Inside the Nazis' infamous Mauthausen concentration camps False
At least 30 missing after avalanche buries Italian mountainside hotel False
'Up to 30' dead found in Italian hotel after avalanche False
President Obama’s last news conference: full transcript and video False
Rudy Gay appears to have suffered torn Achilles’ tendon.

MRI scheduled for tomorrow False
Here are 11 people who turned #failure into their biggest strengths, rising like a phoenix from the ashes True
What Percent Obsessed With Clothes Are You? True
For the first time since Ronald Reagan, the Cabinet won’t include a Latino False
Chrisette Michele will perform at Donald Trump's inauguration: False
The internet roasts a photo of Donald Trump writing his inauguration speech False
Donald Trump celebration concert has signed a renowned veteran amid increasing dropouts False
This genderless nipple account is trolling Instagram in a genius way False
Watch a scary number of adults -- and one really stoned teen -- confuse Obamacare &amp; ACA True
"La La Land" clearly would have been better if Ellen starred in it True
Duke of York's ex-girlfriend Koo Stark in £200k High Court dispute False
Russia says Edward Snowden can stay "a couple of years" False
Ken Wyatt's supporters say he could be next Indigenous affairs minister #auspol #wa False
#Manipuri employee beaten unconscious in #Gurgaon in office, accused of #datatheft False
Moth with 'golden flake hairstyle' named after Donald Trump False
Former President George HW Bush hospitalized for shortness of breath: False
Here's what happened when a French billionaire built a free coding school in California True
Nearly 70% of Americans give a thumbs down to Trump’s tweets False
The incident happened a day before PM #NarendraModi was scheduled to address a political rally in Lucknow True
The sky is actually violet, but here's why it actually appears blue: True
A #mysterious piece of rock floating around in our #solarsystem could be worth $10,000 quadrillion dollars! @NASA True
Betty White and other celebs crushing it over 90 False
Betty White is celebrating her 95th birthday today. Happy birthday, Betty! False
Breaking: Jose Bautista is returning to the Toronto Blue Jays. False
Texas oil legend Clayton Williams earned a $1.35 billion payday in buyout offer False
Denver teen trampled to death in Playa Del Carmen music fest shooting, family says False
Mall owners are finding relief from an unlikely source: online retailers True
An organically bred #hilsa fish can weigh up to 2.5 kilos but finding one of that weight is becoming difficult False
The most expensive stocks in the world cost more than $2 million per share False
WATCH: Little girl wows with amazing Taylor Swift impersonation False
Octavia Spencer buys out “Hidden Figures” screening for low-income families: False
European leaders defiant against Donald Trump's labelling of NATO as 'obsolete' False
Ex-Black Panther: John Lewis 'Presided Over Destruction Of Black America' | #Tucker False
Man pretending to be Justin Bieber allegedly extorted a child into sending him nude photos. False
Draymond Green mocks LeBron James for selling a hard foul after yet another brush-up False
Donald Trump can't stop getting baited by SNL False
Edith Bowman: 'Japan was just this wonderful sensual explosion' False
The money management business could reach 'a turning point' in 2017 True
Kurt Angle to be inducted into WWE Hall of Fame Class of 2017 False
Ukraine fears that Putin will "step forward" if Trump pulls back False
"If I'm complaining about $44 million over four years, then I've got other issues in my life." False
British singer's open letter about racist incident on a train True
Ore Oduba: ‘Strictly was like being a gladiator – without the lions' False
15 mansplaining stories that mansplained so fucking hard True
Honda expects global sales to increase this year as demand rises in the U.S. and China False
The National Portrait Gallery unveiled a "witty" picture of Donald Trump False
Indian man spends 5 years collecting over 50 kilograms of nails scattered over busy road False
Bahrain executes 3 men convicted in bombing that killed police False
Takata’s $1 billion air-bag settlement could make a sale easier False
Indiana's Tom Crean was livid after players try alley-oop at the buzzer...😡

🎥 False
Happy Birthday, @Pitbull! Here are his 10 most popular songs on @Spotify False
Watch Tina Fey as Felicity Jones' only hope in #SNL opening monologue True
Quote of the day:  #30Under30 False
.@sherryontopp joins @INCIndia. Welcomed by @OfficeOfRG True
Winter freeze claiming lives across Europe False
Toddlers dress up in celeb Golden Globe looks, and it’s adorable False
Watch SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket launch False
Brain cancer survivor running 7 marathons on 7 continents in 7 days False
Controversial Michael Jackson portrayal pulled from TV False
.@IAMJHUD, @BrieLarson to announce Oscar nominees False
Syracuse Univ: Students Should Report Color Coded Signs as 'Bias Incident' False
Hermit wanted: officials in Austria seek 'person at peace with himself' to live alone in stunning cliffside property False
Jenna Bush Hager shared some photos of the Obama girls’ first White House visit False
Ben Stein: Hollywood a 'Bunch of Bullies and Thugs Trying to Shut Down' Dissent False
Well, gosh, I guess we just need, like... an executive to sign it? True
Delightful. True
Why can’t TV tap into these plays for today’s marginalised? | Deborah Orr True
Whiskey-infused coffee... For that extra kick! #JackDaniels False
New Hampshire family plans bucket list for 9-year-old with terminal brain tumor True
Hundreds of Tibetans defy China, gather at birthplace of Buddhism in India False
Lucasfilm says it won't digitally recreate Carrie Fisher's performance False
Sea(Hawks)?

The Atlanta Hawks picked an unfortunate night to wear these throwback uniforms False
Chinese restaurant is accused of serving human feet to diners in Italy True
Robin Thicke reportedly accused of child abuse amidst custody fight False
30-year-old Sean McVay is the youngest head coach in NFL history False
UK severe weather: Dozens of flood warnings as Essex village is evacuated and snow sweeps across Britain False
Sheriff: Baby Abducted from FL Hospital 18 Years Ago Found Alive in SC False
Warriors don't have normal NBA problems, their biggest threat is themselves False
Ryan Gosling on La La Land: 'The world is quick to shame you for trying' – video interview False
'Mario Kart 8 Deluxe' might resurrect Battle Mode for the Nintendo Switch False
"The way it is nowadays, unless I see positive proof, it's all a lie," said a Trump supporter in Iowa False
Raekwon announces the release date and artwork for his 7th solo album "The Wild" False
Taiwan was already diplomatically isolated. Now Beijing wants to make it worse. False
Singapore sings for return of Terrex army vehicles False
Fan favorite could join #Avengers sequels True
BURN True
FedEx driver handles jackknifed big rig like a boss False
House expected to follow Senate’s lead on rush to repeal the Affordable Care Act False
33 of the cutest accessories you’ve ever seen True
REPORT: Anthony Scaramucci is headed to the White House as an assistant to Trump False
Here’s how China could be the underdog that wins the space race of the 21st century False
Almost six in 10 Americans do not have adequate savings to pay a $500 or $1,000 unplanned expense, new report shows False
Alt headline: water is wet. True
Oh? True
#ICYMI: Why honour killings continue in Pakistan despite tough new laws True
Pics: #VinDiesel &amp; @deepikapadukone land in #Mumbai to promote #xXxReturnofXanderCage False
Bad news for cold season: Your cough syrup probably doesn't work True
#ICYMI: Top #news stories from the day that was True
.@IvankaTrump announces she's taking leave of absence from #Trump Organization False
Here’s what will happen to Donald Trump’s businesses once he is president True
Donald Trump actually just ended his news conference by saying "You're Fired" False
Merck just leapt ahead of its rivals in the lung cancer drug race  by @Reuters False
Another game, another controversy involving Grayson Allen. False
Donald Trump references "Nazi Germany" in tweet about intelligence agencies. True
Heartwarming video shows cat tending to pregnant goat False
#SatnamSingh may not be a household name in India yet, but he may soon be True
Health experts want Coca-Cola’s "Happy Holidays" truck tour banned because it promotes unhealthy living to children False
Dutch vegan who moved to Switzerland denied Swiss passport because she is too annoying False
2016 was a great year for video games. We ranked 10 of the very best: True
When the pun-ditry is just right 👌 False
How to make your donation to the #TelegraphAppeal True
#CyborgTrumpProblems aims to find Donald Trump's major malfunction True
What's the single biggest economic threat to Australia? The China-US trade war, writes @DavidTaylorABC False
How David Bowie fearlessly changed rock'n'roll False
"Percy Jackson" author snubs invite from Texas lawmakers over bathroom bill False
Two police officers killed in hunt for Orlando murder suspect False
'Creepy' photo collage gets Martin Shkreli suspended from Twitter True
Now the government has reacted to the #viral video of the #BSFJawan True
Pakistan 'launches first cruise missile from submarine'. False
Top Russian diplomat is found dead in Athens - weeks after ambassador was shot in Turkey False
These are the 7 smartest countries in the world when it comes to science True
17 arrested in Kim Kardashian Paris jewelry heist (update) False
Why GM suddenly changed course on its rental car strategy: False
Hawks reportedly have told teams that they have taken Paul Millsap off the trade market False
Ivanka's husband reportedly tapped as senior adviser for Trump amid nepotism concerns False
Love trumps hate. True
Happy 10th birthday, iPhone! What's next? True
Omgggggg let this be true. 🙏

Donald Glover says a @Migos collaboration may be coming soon False
These roles pay more than $100K—and are at the best places to work in 2017: True
Asia finds itself at a 'negative intersection' in an unpredictable world False
TV diversity won big at the #GoldenGlobes True
Beloved California giant sequoia tree felled by storm: False
Watch the cast of 'Stranger Things' spit bars at the #GoldenGlobes. True
A gallery of Miss Golden Globe: Looking back at the famous, the obscure, and the misters  #goldenglobes True
Hero police officer shoots dead ISIS terrorists wearing explosive belts in Saudi Arabia False
Sickening new ISIS video shows toddler shooting prisoner dead in ball pool in PLAYGROUND False
Apple’s critics are right to question the company's direction this time around, writes @mims False
Subscription box was designed for those who can't leave the house due to chronic illness False
oh no True
Mário Soares, key player in Portugal’s transition to democracy, dies at 92 False
19 anti-memes for people who have evolved past memes True
Six-year-old orders $160 dollhouse, 4 pounds of cookies with Amazon's Echo Dot: False
WikiLeaks proposes tracking verified Twitter users’ homes, families and finances False
Charles Manson returns to prison after stay at hospital, report says: False
Not again…

Duke’s Grayson Allen attempts to trip Boston College defender

🎥: False
Fort Lauderdale airport shooting suspect charged False
British great-grandmother among Florida airport shooting victims False
David Bowie didn't know he was dying until three months before his death False
Blast in Syrian town on Turkish border kills nearly 50 False
Pair of Google home devices claim they’re human, quote Nickelback True
Some called @ShahidKapoor's decision 'regressive' while others called Mira 'ambition-less' after #koffeewithkaran False
14 of the grossest, cringiest, and most embarrassing gym fails True
At 6 p.m., married. At 7:30 p.m., onstage. False
Dry slopes True
Definitely looks like Carrie Fisher's ashes were buried in a giant Prozac pill False
Trumponomics gets the thumbs down from Nobel Prize-winning economists False
Facebook Live attack: Four Chicago accused denied bail True
Official: Alleged shooter checked gun in bag, then loaded it in bathroom. #FtLauderdale False
Does this ham look blurry to you guys? False
Andy Murray to face Novak Djokovic in final of Qatar Open  via @guardian_sport False
Here are 6 #LGBTQ events worth traveling for in 2017  via @NBCOUT False
Russia hacking claims: US intelligence chiefs to brief Trump False
Earl Thomas on not retiring, meeting MJ, &amp; the time Obama made him feel like a proud child: False
Can You Get Through This "Would You Rather" Quiz Without Cringing? True
Loneliness isn't just for the elderly - thanks to social media, it's an epidemic #premium False
Former CIA chief cuts ties with Trump False
Shoppers who wear pyjamas in Tesco are given a dressing down False
Russia starts to cut back forces in Syria, Russian state news agency TASS reports False
After its Brexit-Trump reversal, here's what the left must do False
Motorcycle racer struck by lightning during event, finishes anyway via @FoxCarReport False
Brexit will reduce net migration to zero due to immigration controls on EU nationals, says report False
French farmer on trial for helping migrants: "My job is feeding people" False
Carrie Fisher fan launches a petition to make Leia an official Disney Princess. False
Who is Philip Anschutz, the controversial owner of Coachella's parent company? False
U.S. electric vehicle sales rocketed in December, led by Tesla False
Tucker Carlson will succeed Megyn Kelly in the coveted 9 p.m. slot on Fox News False
We're in the best timeline rn True
Turns out that iconic 'Seinfeld' theme song was completely improvised False
🍕🍕🍕 @Firstwefeast found the best pizza from each of the 50 states 🍕🍕🍕 True
Will Trump’s name-calling work in legislative arena as it did in campaign? False
Sorry, New Jersey. You're the most moved-from state in the US, according to an annual survey False
The Fall Guy by James Lasdun review – shades of Hitchcock and Highsmith False
Watch Justin Timberlake make two half-court shots False
One breath into this breathalyzer can diagnose 17 diseases False
Fentanyl deaths spike across the United States - with no sign of slowing down. False
'I Tried to Kill Him': Gun-Wielding TX Granny Scares Off Armed Intruder False
Dylann Roof, in his journal: "I am not sorry. I have not shed a tear for the innocent people I killed." False
Defence Minister @MarisePayne denies #Australia recruiting members of #Indonesian military False
The best economic forecasters lay out their calls for 2017 False
Bana's mother recounts Syrian girl's dangerous escape from Aleppo: “Those last moments in Aleppo were the worst” False
Trained dolphins recruited to locate, save elusive porpoise from extinction   via @fxnscitech False
Mexico's Televisa given FCC approval to increase Univision ownership stake False
A Mexican politician just took his protest right through Trump’s front door True
Benjamin Netanyahu wants pardon for Israeli soldier convicted for killing Palestinian man False
Nearly 100 years ago, his coach told him to give up the sport because he would never achieve anything on a #bike. False
You'll miss Carrie Fisher even more after watching Ellen DeGeneres' tribute True
We ranked every single Kanye album. Pray for our mentions. True
Insurers paid out $50bn for natural disaster claims in 2016 False
It's the world's most prestigious NFL handicapping contest, with a $900K prize.

It was won by a Starbucks barista. False
Was Putin's sassy trolling sending a message to Trump, and not Obama? False
#India police detain six suspects over NYE attacks on women (Pic: AP) False
The Canadian dollar is climbing False
Charles Manson 'moved from prison to hospital' False
Channel 4 has revealed the latest celebrities to brave the most dangerous show on TV True
Sia has shared the lyric video for her "Lion" theme "Never Give Up" False
California snowpack measures low, but big storms coming False
Here are some personalities &amp; their beliefs that can inspire you to become a little #healthier or #happier this year True
AFL-CIO, House Dems pledge to help Trump in push to rework NAFTA   #TrumpTransition False
Newly elected sheriff charged with stealing meth from evidence room: False
Did Kim Kardashian hint at a divorce before her long-awaited return to Instagram? True
Losses by Ohio State, Penn State and Michigan sting the Big Ten False
You don't need a law to turn off your phone True
Leopard darting through Indian city of #Raiganj causes chaos, attacks 35 people  #leopard False
Joe Scarborough defends schmoozing with Trump as "the Washington way"  by @Sulliview False
E Ink unveils world's largest ePaper display #MashCES True
Presenting the #30Under30 in sports: True
A man has died after a crash between a car and a train in Bedfordshire False
Eat these foods for better sleep True
Parents welcome New Year's twins born minutes apart—and in different years False
Trump is expected to name Robert Lighthize to head the U.S. Trade Representative office False
Riders and residents greet Second Avenue subway’s opening False
Perhaps the biggest threat to the climate agenda is not anything that Trump might do, but rather what he will not do False
FACT CHECK: Very likely. True
Pilot in Canada arrested after being found drunk and "slumped over in the seat," police say False
President Obama to deliver his farewell address next week in Chicago False
Our brains are guided more by empathy than selfishness False
How Normal Is Your Morning Routine? True
You’re wrong if you don’t think chihuahuas are the best dogs on this good Earth True
Parents found dead near SUV, 3 children alive inside, highway patrol says False
Brrrr! Swimmers start new year with icy plunges False
.@myfabolouslife and @TreySongz ring in 2017 with 'Trappy New Years.' Listen here. False
How robots are changing the workplace True
Parody movie trailer presents 2016 as a horror film True
The gunman is still at large in the terror attack at a nightclub in Istanbul that killed at least 39 False
Turkish security forces hunt for gunman in Istanbul nightclub terror attack False
Here are all the comic book movies coming out in 2017 False
Cologne police round up hundreds of men 'of seemingly African descent' False
Critics threaten boycotts of Simon &amp; Schuster over Milo Yiannopoulos book deal False
How to brand yourself to advance your career: True
India's latest #nuclear reactors are expected to go online later this year False
Happy New Year, from our @ABC News family to yours! False
5 of the biggest celebrity real estate buys of 2016 True
A lone gunman attacked an Istanbul nightclub club, killing at least 35 people and wounding about 40 False
Safe haven? True
Why the new year starts on Jan. 1, a terrible time for renewal True
Dwyane Wade gets clowned by everyone on Twitter for his New Years Eve outfit. False
JUST IN: Injuries reported in gun attack at Istanbul nightclub: False
Greek ambassador killed by wife's lover, Brazilian police say False
Tinder and Grindr linked to more than 500 crimes, figures show False
Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds to be buried together in joint funeral False
Get fancy with these 5 cognacs True
Top stories from today! True
Trump praises Putin: "I always knew he was very smart!" True
Another twist in the #YadavPariWar. @yadavakhilesh can party now! False
Saudi Arabia jails man for saying men shouldn't be able to control women False
A homeless man who returned a suit to its owner has been handed the keys to a flat False
Russian #hacking malware found on Vermont energy company computer False
. @PostMalone announced his new album 'Beerbongs &amp; Bentleys' 🍻 + 🚗 False
So when exactly does the New Year begin in space? True
Seahawks, DL Michael Bennett reportedly agree to three-year, $31.5 million extension False
World's oldest male panda Pan Pan dies in China aged 31 False
Interesting. True
Looking ahead to a Trump administration, Theresa May scolded John Kerry for his speech criticizing Israel False
💅 True
Charlie Sheen has caused controversy by tweeting that he hopes Donald Trump is the next victim of 2016 False
Donald Trump says he will follow 'two simple rules' - and now everyone's making the same joke True
#ICYMI: Top #news stories from the day that was True
The 'new mother' of Tamil Nadu politics, Sasikala Natarajan False
A sharp rise in ambush killings has police officers and their families on edge False
Morning Briefing: Here’s what you need to know to start your day. True
Debbie Reynolds: Stars pay tribute to Hollywood stalwart False
The 25 funniest tweets about 2016 True
On Wednesday, @RBI added a new asset to its rolls - Professor #ViralAcharya False
Debbie Reynolds, the Hollywood aristocrat who was a vitamin boost for the heart False
"NBC's New Year's Eve" host @CarsonDaly shares New Year's resolution, how to stay warm in Times Square True
Far-right French mayor names road in his town Brexit Street False
Freedom to vote? Not if I have to take my passport to the polling station #premium False
A former Wall Streeter is now a Master Sommelier — here's her advice for great-tasting wine True
12 simple foil packet dinners you can bake in the oven False
9 tips for apartment decorating on a budget False
Here are the top 2017 picks for emerging markets in Europe, Middle East and Africa False
The nation’s 10 most significant and extreme weather events of 2016 True
Special prosecution team investigating #SouthKorea  influence-peddling scandal detains pension fund chief False
The electric Porsche needs to roar True
Donald Trump dubiously claims 100 percent of his foundation's money goes to charity False
Gay couple who were technically father and son allowed to marry True
Icon Carrie Fisher dies at 60 False
1. Cowboys
2. Patriots
3. Chiefs
4. Raiders
5. Steelers

The rest of @ESPNNFL's new Power Rankings: False
The fabulous life of Dr. Dre, one of the wealthiest men in hip-hop False
'They are not going to lie down': Boxing Day hunt crowds remain strong amid fight to scrap fox hunting ban False
Report: Cheetahs are now racing toward extinction, with just thousands left in the world: False
How Vine Star Hayes Grier Makes His Money Even After the Death of Vine True
Millennials are choosing corporate jobs over entrepreneurship. But why? False
Shinzo Abe to become first Japanese prime minister to visit Pearl Harbor in 65 years False
26 hilarious conversations Obama and Biden definitely had in 2016 True
Biggest celebrity feuds of 2016 True
Think again before you post those pics of your kids on social media True
Iran says country will only pay half price for new Boeing jumbo jets: False
The secret trick that makes your train tickets half price True
You can keep saying it... but nobody's buying this line, bub. True
How George Michael’s Wham! baffled Communist China and inspired its youth True
Brutal holiday blizzard wreaks havoc across northern U.S. False
27 stunning images you won't believe were found on Google Street View True
Her success came at a price, after all True
Alec Baldwin fires one "Hell" of a zinger at Trump's inauguration False
President Obama speaks to U.S. troops in final Christmas visit False
How the stars spent Christmas 2016 True
#China lodges protest over #Taiwan content in US defence bill, urges stop to US-Taiwan military contact False
She documented her fight against #ovariancancer on @instagram False
In honor of the 30th anniversary of 'The Joshua Tree,' @U2 is planning a 2017 tour. False
Spree of Obama actions revives GOP concerns over 'midnight' regulations, agenda  via @foxnewspolitics False
This 509-year-old map contains the first known use of the word 'America' — but not where you may think True
In the search of the dream greenhouse? How Instagram has given glasshouses a new life True
Obituary: Harold Ehrlich built a name on Wall Street with ‘Fearless Forecasts’ False
A fake news story led Pakistan's defense minister to direct a nuclear threat at Israel False
We already know that quantum computing will change the world. Here's how: True
Stream Run the Jewels' (@RunJewels) new 'RTJ3' album right now: False
Start your day with some #entertainment news! False
No-show for Prince William and Prince Harry at traditional Christmas Eve football match True
The arrests of 6 Platinum Partners execs aren't much consolation for their alleged victims True
Most expensive home sold in San Diego this year: this $17.7 million mansion False
If Theresa May can't trust the Queen, it bodes ill for their future relationship | Stephen Bates False
Polish lawmakers occupy parliament in protest False
A look at Romeos and Juliets through the years, including the latest duo at the Met Opera False
#Bata sues @akshaykumar's #JollyLLB2! True
Coached by the batting legend #RahulDravid, India won the Under-19 Asia Cup!

Well played, #TeamIndia! False
Bestselling business books:

1. 'StrengthsFinder 2.0'
2. 'Blink'
3. 'Good to Great'

More: False
24 memes that are too good for this world True
North Korean soldiers are given new diet by their leader — which causes outbreak of diarrhea False
'Santa' robs US bank after handing out candy canes (video) True
The true meaning of Christmas was found in this family's magical reunion @OnTheRoadCBS True
Happy holidays! Find the sheep in the pile of Santas True
Lucy Hale claps back at hackers who leaked her nude photos: 'Kiss my ass.' False
The best #entertainment stories from the day True
Romania may soon name a little-known woman as the E.U.’s first Muslim prime minister False
Producer fired after porn star 'assaulted during rape scene' False
Malta's prime minister says the hijackers of a Libyan plane have surrendered and have been taken into custody False
#BlackLivesMatter shirt pulled from Walmart after police complain 😑 False
Trump's take on foreign policy breaks pre-inauguration taboo False
Hip-hop new kid @LoyleCarner is making ADHD work for him:  presented by @ASOS True
Ikea will pay $50 million to 3 families whose children were killed by furniture that tipped over and crushed them False
#UFC’s Dana White Expects More Growth Under New Ownership  via @FoxBusiness False
Snub-way: DC drops Trump from inauguration Metro cards | False
Singer Bjork denounces sexism in pop music industry False
This 13-year-old girl rescued her four younger siblings from their burning home False
Prince Charles shows off dance moves at Christmas party False
MICHAEL LEWIS: This is what terrifies me the most about Trump's presidency True
Listen to Debrief, @BW's exclusive interviews with leading political and business figures False
Don't let college eat into your retirement fund. See how: True
Dates on food labels may actually start to make some sense True
Boyfriend buys girlfriend the gift of her dreams: a blanket with his face on it False
Adani companies facing multiple financial crime, corruption probes #ausbiz False
After Turkey’s failed coup, a sense of fatalism has set in False
America tried to make a full English Breakfast and they need to stop right now False
Earth's temperature to still sizzle in 2017 False
Kanye West has cancelled his European Saint Pablo tour even before dates were set False
Four thousand soldiers are standing ready to drive rail replacement buses during Southern Rail strikes False
Joe Mixon told police "it felt like a dude hit me" before he punched out a woman False
Live now: Join us for a chat about the best ways to give back during the holidays True
The world in 2016: how much do you know? – quiz True
ISIS claims deadly attack at Jordan tourist castle False
Berlin police "uncertain" suspect in custody is Christmas market attacker False
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova stabbed by knife-wielding burglar at her home in the Czech Republic False
#Zurichshooting: Swiss police say gunman is dead after mosque attack False
"Death is part of working on the mountain" True
Was this murderous attack on a Russian diplomat revenge for Turkey's dirty deal with Putin? True
Cuba’s offer to send rum to the Czech Republic to pay off debt isn't as weird as sounds False
An American soccer coach in England learns to speak British False
A Russian hacking inquiry is in Donald Trump’s best interests False
Why fretting about what to wear could be ruining your life True
Madonna shares video rehearsing booty-shaking dance moves with Ariana Grande backstage False
Australian describes 'blood and bodies everywhere' after attack at #Berlin #Christmas market False
Here are the 12 best memes of 2016, by month False
New NBA Power Rankings from @ESPNSteinLine:
1. @warriors
2. @cavs
3. @HoustonRockets

The rest: False
Russian ambassador's assassination in Turkey was organised by 'NATO secret services', claims Kremlin senator False
As Trump era nears, is the media ready for the challenge? False
Mergers soar in Canada on record pipeline deals False
$20,000 reward offered as cops hunt road rage killer of 3-year-old boy   #FOXNewsUS False
Cops fired after video emerges of suspect being beaten  via @NBCBayArea False
Sylvester Stallone suggested that he was not interested in taking an arts-related job in the Trump administration False
Turkey's southern border is becoming a key hub for refugees fleeing Aleppo False
Man beaten with #cricket bails! Wait... how do you even? #Demonetisation True
I tried to quit sugar, but failed without realizing why True
21 people who have drastically changed in 2016 True
Why it's so important to teach your kids financial basics early on: True
CeeLo Green says he's "alive and well" after cell phone explosion video surfaces False
"When Vladimir Putin was told ‘cut it out,’ I’m sure that [he] immediately stopped all cyber activity." True
A Florida tourism CEO steps down after Pitbull tweets about his $1 million contract False
Suicide bomber kills at least 40 soldiers in Yemen as they wait to collect salaries False
The Giants are expected to be fined for illegally using walkie-talkies during last week's win over the Cowboys: False
Nepal remembers Bista, last king of Upper Mustang False
Study finds horses use visual and physical cues to ask humans for help False
Stephen Colbert bashes Trump and Nixon at same time in one glorious bit False
#PranavDhanawade was arrested for protesting against the conversion of his ground into a helipad. False
.@KDTrey5 reveals his true height for anyone who has been arguing about this for years. True
To save our republic, we must have the House of Representatives select John Kasich as President! Or something. False
#Heimlich manoeuvre inventor dies aged 96 False
Issa Rae’s FaceTime reaction to her Golden Globe nomination is so pure False
Rare Asian elephant born at Chester Zoo False
A U.S. underwater drone has been seized by China, Pentagon says False
University of Minnesota football team ends boycott after suspensions False
Trump tells supporters: you were nasty and vicious during campaign – video False
Civilians fleeing Aleppo are being recruited to gangs linked to al-Qaeda False
Five girls were killed for dancing in Pakistan. Then the story took an even darker twist. True
Britain will be front of the queue for trade deal with US under Donald Trump's new commerce secretary #Exclusive False
A treasure hunter found 3 tons of sunken gold — and can’t leave jail until he says where it is True
Crystal Palace v Chelsea: Premier League – 90th minute live! False
The design of #RogueOne: An exclusive look at the film's concept art  #starwars False
Tim Dowling: gigging with the band – and playing with fire False
"We support Gopher Athletics' decision because this is much bigger than football." False
Uber Defies California Regulators With Self-Driving Car Service False
Sumner Redstone, 93, is leaving the board of Viacom after its February meeting. False
That bison burger just got even pricer False
#ICYMI: Estonia's citizen army gears up to deter Putin's war machine False
Doris Payne, 86-year-old jewel thief, promises not to skip bail False
Steven Mnuchin worked at Goldman Sachs, but you wouldn't know it from his GOP bio False
"Make sure you have fun this Christmas, it pisses off your neighborhood campus crybaby." True
Top modelling agencies and their trade association fined £1.5m for collusion and price-fixing True
Signed up for a Bowl Mania pool, but still sweating out the picks before Saturday's deadline?

Let @ESPN_Chalk help: False
Trevor Noah just made an incredibly important point about Donald Trump that no one else has True
How Craig Sager saved Dennis Rodman's life True
How a 15-minute quiz can give you a scientifically accurate assessment of your personality True
Are you helping those who experience loneliness or social isolation at Christmas? Share your story False
Bill Gates' new $1 billion fund will invest in new forms of clean energy False
Long Island Murders: Escort claims sex with cop near serial killer's dumping ground True
Princeton suspended its men's swimming and diving team after officials discovered "vulgar and offensive" materials False
Episode five of “I Can’t Believe It’s Not Top Gear” blockbuster gave us generic, grumpy fun False
Limits On #CashWithdrawal may not end on December 30.
#ThisIsIT True
Gawker knows this. True
An auction for access: One man was willing to pay nearly $60,000 for a chance to have coffee with Ivanka Trump False
How Many Of These Apple Products Have You Owned? True
What sneaker release are you most excited for? True
Widow of Orlando nightclub shooter files petition to change child's name: False
Ooooooooooooohhhh True
A heartbroken sports world reacts to the death of Broadcasting Hall of Famer Craig Sager: False
How to profit from Trump inflation: True
Former NFL RB Jamal Anderson avoids arrest after exposing himself at gas station False
School officials apologize after white students turn their backs on black basketball players False
.@ShawnMendes &amp; manager @AndrewGertler announce investment in Fan.si app (exclusive) False
Stone Cold once drank 115 beers with The Dudley Boyz and Stacy Keibler in Japan 🍻🍻 False
Hero postal worker saves Christmas by rescuing gifts from burning truck False
And to top it off, the Cavs lost... True
Here are the 10 best video games of 2016 True
Putin arrives in Japan, unlikely to give much away False
Fox News Poll:  Trump and the Carrier deal False
Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature False
11-year-old boy brings Christmas spirit to hospital False
18 face swaps that are as hilariously awful as 2016 True
The man who changed how America buys wine: False
Lamar Odom to document his road to recovery in new reality series False
Source: Ivanka Trump to have East Wing office False
New defense policy bill will give Trump admin more authority over US foreign broadcasters False
Birth defects are common for Zika-infected pregnant women in the U.S. False
At its best, '4 Your Eyez Only' is an unraveling of pain and misery. False
Lamar Jackson, Dede Westbrook and Deshaun Watson all landed in the top five.

Neither finished No. 1: False
The most powerful photos of 2016 True
"Suits" actress Meghan Markle writes revealing essay about being biracial in Hollywood: True
He knows the door's gonna smack him right in the face, but he just can't help himself. True
Donald Trump wasn’t happy with his State Department finalists. Then he heard a new name. True
Military aircraft that appeared low over Manhattan were conducting "routine training" False
Never mind Brexit. Britons are outraged over Prime Minister Theresa May's $1,250 leather pants. False
The best #CarpoolKaraoke episodes of 2016 False
Electricity bills to rise by $40 from mid next year: report False
Liz Truss could do for prison food what Jamie Oliver did in schools | Lucy Vincent False
"Westland" is the "Westworld" amusement park for families on a budget False
High-level Defence meetings with Japan postponed over Minister Marise Payne's health #auspol False
Intel committee chairman: Report on Russia meddling conflicts with DNI testimony False
Listen to @KodakBlack1k &amp; @yogottikom together on "Weatherman." True
#Business confidence holds up even as conditions drop to worst level in 1.5 years: NAB survey  #ausbiz False
Boeing's Iran deal won't prevent a production cut False
Optical sensors allow a robot hand to sense subtle shapes and textures False
As other companies tighten belts, Estée Lauder treats its shareholders to breakfast and goody bags False
#ICYMI: Police red-faced after seven-hour standoff at empty Melton house, west of Melbourne False
"The Australia I grew up in was a racist country"  via @nytopinion False
So many shows, so little time. One tip: watch everything twice as fast. False
'Flip or Flop' stars Tarek and Christina El Moussa separate   via @Fox411 False
Can You Pass This Basic American Sign Language Test? True
Dolphins HC Adam Gase says QB Ryan Tannehill sprained his ACL and MCL False
Your 9 need-to-know takeaways from this morning's 2017 Golden Globe nominations, right here: False
5 gorgeous DIY food gifts no one will believe you made True
You'll be "Thunderstruck" by this AC/DC-themed Christmas lights display ⏩ by @lee_moran False
Vandals spill 400,000 bottles of Italian sparkling wine in act of 'sabotage' False
The N-word was found written in the snow at a black history museum in Idaho False
Holiday shipping deadlines for UPS, FedEx and major retailers  via @YahooFinance False
Iran seals $16.6 billion deal with Boeing to buy 80 planes False
Will Smith's reveals why he turned down the 'Independence Day' sequel for 'Suicide Squad.' False
Carl Bernstein: Donald Trump has 'disdain for the truth' False
Teacher to Trump’s education pick: "Let’s ‘address the elephant in the room.’ It’s you." False
No one here in forsaken Aleppo expects to live – still the world sits on its hands False
Best-paying jobs of 2016: 

1. Surgeon
2. Psychiatrist
3. Military general False
Donald Trump sees himself as John Cena in nightmarish #SNL sketch. False
Trump says he doesn't need a daily intelligence briefing because he's smart False
ESPN gets us all hype for 'This Was the XFL,' the newest '30 for 30' documentary. False
Former "Brady Bunch" star under fire after report of homophobic rant True
Seismic shifts at the BBC sent wobbles through the wireless

2016 in radio, by Gillian Reynolds #premium False
‘Duck Dynasty’ Producers Fired and Sued by ITV True
K. True
“If you are a Republican, this is the beginning of a golden age" False
A judge has finalized the divorce of Khloé​ Kardashian and Lamar Odom. False
Cowboy is engulfed in a huge cloud of dust as he herd 50 horses in Turkey False
Racist objects are not a thing of the past. We asked for your experiences with these objects. Here are your stories: False
Fisher-Price debunks fake "Happy Hour Playset" toy False
The 10 best things to do this week True
Captain @imVkohli made @ECB_cricket pay True
Are you voting in Romania's election? False
Stephen Colbert analyzes whether Trump is violating laws or just norms ⏩ by @lee_moran False
25 things ’90s kids used to say that today’s youth wouldn’t get True
These heartbreaking images reveal the dreams of refugees True
NEW: Colin Kaepernick's parents break their silence: "We absolutely do support him" False
Senate approves spending bill, averts government shutdown False
This is what happens when Donald Trump attacks a private citizen on Twitter True
“New Celebrity Apprentice” contestant slams Donald Trump’s continued role False
.@NASA Astronaut John Glenn wrote @JeffBezos a beautiful letter right before he died False
Who are the names moving the needle of Canada's style landscape?  presented by @MooseKnuckles True
.@seanhannity: The Left's 'Crybaby Freak-Out' Is Now at Mind-Numbing Levels False
This county voted Democrat for 144 years. But in 2016, Donald Trump broke that streak True
Coca-Cola CEO Muhtar Kent will step down in 2017 False
AFC Bournemouth begin search for new stadium in time for 2020-21 season  via @guardian_sport False
New cat Evie joins Westminster moggies as Cabinet Office mouser False
Cancer tumor found in mouth of giant beast that roamed Earth 255 million years ago False
India announces plan to power public offices with massive solar rooftop panels False
DEA laments that “media attention” is making it tough to put people in jail for pot False
77 holiday packages were stolen from several homes. Now police are redelivering them. False
Feral #cats' diet tracked ahead of #calicivirus release  (Pic: Hugh McGregor) False
A coffee date with Ivanka Trump costs a staggering amount True
German yield curve steepens by most in 8 years after ECB extends stimulus False
Protesters defy blizzards to remain at their camp in Standing Rock False
Pakistan opens investigation into deadly plane crash that killed 47 False
Theresa May secures Article 50 victory in the Commons as Parliament passes amended Brexit motion by 448 to 75 False
Exclusive: Theresa May vowed to end the authority of EU law. But her ministers admit it could be impossible. False
Gen. Barry McCaffrey says Trump national security adviser’s tweets "border on demented" False
Britain is heading for the hardest of hard Brexits, but Theresa May can limit the damage | Charles Grant False
There's a reason we have hair... down there!
@healthmeup #HealthMeUp #ThisIsIt True
NBC's #HairsprayLive: Watch the live TV performances here False
Trevor Noah still can't figure out why Donald Trump calls China "Jina" False
Taste test: Texas and Arkansas senators pit queso against cheese dip False
Immigration restrictions after Brexit may harm productivity, Niesr says False
Mitt Romney is now the top contender for Donald Trump's secretary of state False
Travis Scott says he's "so hurt" about Grammy snub False
Spongebob fans are loving the birthday cake a girl got her brother False
[Washington Post blubbering intensifies] True
Foolish thieves steal priceless spruces to sell as Christmas trees False
Federal judge weighs whether to end Michigan recount False
"Walking Dead" star Josh McDermitt goes off on co-star's body-shamers  👏👏👏👏 False
Get ready for the Delly 1's, coming soon. True
Will Japanese tech giant SoftBank pour $50 billion into the U.S.? Trump claims it will: False
Watch Vin Diesel and Mark Zuckerberg strike up a bromance at awards show False
Donald Trump took under four hours to prove one of Obama's gravest warnings about him right True
Globe's 'Rogue One' ad is a heck of a tearjerker aimed at inspiring courage False
The world's top fashion designers are refusing to dress Melania Trump False
Former #UN chief Kofi Annan "deeply concerned" about alleged human rights abuses in #Myanmar False
South Korea corruption: Choi ordered to appear before hearing False
Rashaan Salaam, former Heisman Trophy winner, meets a tragic end False
Mastercard raises quarterly dividend, authorizes additional $4 billion stock buyback False
More than two dozen CEOs have signed a pledge to speed women’s progress up the corporate ladder. False
Grammy nominations have been announced, and many singers are spending today celebrating. False
A Polish Christmas advert about a grandfather who learns English touches hearts around the world True
.@Drake, @Beyonce and @Rihanna lead 59th annual Grammy Nominations. False
#Backpackertax not a major economic issue and "a waste of #Parliament's time", Peter Costello says  #auspol False
#PNG Parliament employee accused of pulling gun on fuel attendant who refused to refuel car False
Extremist images 'fingerprinted' by tech firms False
Pentagon reportedly buried study exposing $125 billion in waste  via @foxnewspolitics False
Christmas advert for obscure Polish website becomes surprise hit around the world False
Developers tell Facebook: This is how you fight fake news True
Shadowy forces are fighting for control of your local movie theater False
Hacks to fight off a cold in minutes - including sipping black tea, nibbling Brazil nuts and munching on garlic False
.@SGanguly99 can play both left and right handed True
OracleVoice: Behold! The IoT-enabled electric scooter False
Oil is slipping as traders get jittery over the planned OPEC cut False
Plus-Size dating app bans fat-shaming  via @YahooStyle False
Ron Rivera said Cam Newton committed a "dress code violation" and he treated him "like I do all the other players": False
Oakland warehouse fire: names of seven victims have been released False
Periodic reminder that Trump had got a lower % of whites than Romney and a higher % of black voters False
The Cowboys are in the playoffs ... but how long will they stay? 

VOTE: False
Bowe Bergdahl has asked President Obama to pardon him before leaving the White House False
'Sham' US Embassy in Ghana issued fake visas for a decade  via @foxnewspolitics False
Holiday cookie bakers, here’s your secret weapon: 1 dough, 5 fabulous results True
Kim Jong-un's wife spotted SEVEN MONTHS after disappearing True
How Tom Ford brought a $100-million mansion to the screen in "Nocturnal Animals" True
They. Deserve. Better. True
Far-right party concedes defeat in Austrian election False
Uber and Lyft drivers share the 14 weirdest things they’ve ever experienced on the job False
Quote of the day: False
Why blue states are the real "Tea Party"  via @nytopinion True
Fidel Castro's ashes were interred in a private ceremony in Cuba on Sunday False
ICYMI: Penn State rallied from 21 down to win its 9th straight game and its first outright Big Ten title since 1994. False
Cybersecurity experts to Trump: U.S. should train 100,000 hackers False
Firefighters work into the night battling blaze in Cambridge, Mass. False
35 gifts for the wanderlust-obsessed person in your life True
A brief history of Liam Payne and Cheryl’s relationship False
NASA photo reveals a startling 300-foot-wide rift in Antarctic Ice Shelf False
Impeachment vote looms for South Korean President False
.@BeatsByDre Presents: Kid Cudi featuring Virgil Abloh and Dot da Genius at Art Basel 2016. False
The 24 best fiction books of 2016 False
The desperate families fleeing eastern Aleppo False
A guide to all the ways Trump’s transition is like a reality show False
John Kerry visits Pope Francis before Rome Security Summit False
100 Women 2016: Fighting bulls and sexism False
A mom secretly filmed her daughter doing a viral dance video and it’s hilarious False
Yahya Jammeh, The Gambia's authoritarian president of 22 years, suffers shock general election defeat False
Meet Tim Ryan, the Ohio Democrat challenging Nancy Pelosi to lead House Democrats False
After 60 years, is nuclear fusion finally poised to deliver? False
Buzz Aldrin evacuated from South Pole False
The economy of both places did not turn #cashless after the #government scrapped higher currency #notes on Nov 8 True
One of our most engaging @nytopinion pieces of 2016: A new map for America False
President-elect Donald Trump pledges to unite country on 'thank you' tour False
Clinton communications director: "I would rather lose than win the way you guys did." False
Former Jets running back Joe McKnight has reportedly been killed in a road-rage incident False
The New York Rangers are the NHL's most valuable franchise, worth $1.25B False
Why Trump could lose his prized D.C. hotel True
The trick to persuading Trump? Flattery, proximity and snappy pitches False
Jennifer Lopez on black eye photo: "Sometimes work can be rough" False
Rob Gronkowski is expected to miss two months after being diagnosed with a herniated disk: False
ICYMI: The NFL MVP race is wiiiide open.

But a certain West Coast QB is making a strong case at No. 1: True
Deadly twisters confirmed in at least two states, as Alabama and Tennessee assess damages. False
The 21-year labor peace streak still stands.

Hours before the deadline, the MLB and its players reached a CBA deal. False
Why Trump's key cabinet pick may have to wait True
Vladimir Putin says Russia hopes to 'normalise' relations with the United States False
An unprecedented 284,000 EU citizens arrived in the UK in the year to June, says ONS False
Tennessee wildfires have killed 7, mayor says False
Could a boxing match between McGregor and Mayweather really happen?

This news might bring it closer: False
More than one million Google accounts have been breached by malware: False
Pals Queen Maxima and Queen Mathilde don strikingly similar outfits in Utrecht False
Afghan policewomen face down their fears to serve False
The key to truly great chicken soup True
Knife crime up 14% because gang warfare is becoming 'embedded in our culture' False
"We finally got our hero." True
Sunderland relegation ‘my worst day in football’, says David Moyes  via @guardian_sport False
Will Anthony Joshua thrill 90,000 of his countrymen at Wembley or can Wladimir Klitschko add to his legend?

Picks: False
Trump’s First 100 Days: Loyalists see course correction amid the tumult False
Russian authorities detain dozens at anti-Putin rallies False
A group of employees has left Google's drone delivery initiative 'Project Wing' False
Congratulations to Russell Wilson and @ciara on your baby girl! False
Man dressed as gorilla completes London Marathon in six days False
Google's drone delivery 'Project Wing' has hit turbulence, but a big update is weeks away False
.@Google's #SundarPichai's salary will make you super jealous! False
Russell Wilson, Ciara announce birth of daughter, Sienna Princess False
2017 summer movie preview: 40 must-see films (with exclusive photos!)  via @YahooMovies True
What Donald Trump has done - or undone - for business during his first #100days in office False
A new study shows that teens who are bullied are more likely to want plastic surgery False
Tory MP stands down after allegedly telling students that homosexuality is 'wrong and dangerous to society' False
Truly Nolen recovered from polio as a young man, and in 1955 founded Truly Nolen pest-control, writes @jamesrhagerty False
The Pentagon has identified two Army Rangers killed in Afghanistan during a raid on ISIS False
LaVar Ball is getting roasted for costing his son Lonzo a major sneaker deal. False
A luxury music festival where tickets cost up to $12,000 turned into a nightmare True
Browns coach Hue Jackson plans to use Jabrill Peppers on offense as well as defense False
Uncanny photos show how objects like eggs, suitcases and slippers can look remarkably human False
The House has approved a short-term measure to keep the government funded for another week. False
Appeals court affirms decision blocking Anthem-Cigna merger False
Qualcomm cut its profit view, as it no longer expects patent-licensing revenue from the iPhone in current quarter False
Amazon is quickly approaching a new milestone: a share price of $1,000 False
Exercise can help offset effects of the 'fat gene,' study finds. False
There's an emerging cottage industry around creating custom Snapchat geofilters False
Cathay Pacific's new CEO is facing one of aviation's toughest turnaround jobs False
President Trump’s tax plan would shift trillions from federal coffers to America’s richest families and their heirs False
France's patchy recovery continues as its economy grows by less than anticipated False
Trump says he thought being president would be easier than his old life False
Trump praises China's Xi over handling of North Korea False
Daughters of fallen Marine shadow members of Congress on Take Your Kid to Work Day. False
Evening Briefing: Here's what you need to know at the end of the day True
LIVE: Microsoft reports earnings False
The trailer for this summer's SHARK MOVIE just dropped True
CSIRO, Energy Networks Australia lay out roadmap for emissions-free future False
This MIT project is mapping trees in cities around the world using Google Street View False
This is how #VinodKhanna made these roles iconic True
China launches first domestically-built aircraft carrier False
.@BrunoMars ties Justin Timberlake for most Pop Songs No. 1s among male soloists False
Joe Biden signed that viral picture of his hot younger self because 2017 False
Delaware state trooper dies after being shot in the parking lot of a Wawa convenience store. False
Delaware trooper shot outside convenience store in Bear has died, investigators confirm; suspect barricaded nearby. False
.@realDonaldTrump reaches 100-day milestone, but what progress has he made on his agenda? False
Second man arrested over death of ex-navy officer Mike Samwell False
Welp, here's the hashtag we all need (desperately) right now. #TrumpsDay100Songs False
Will Smith &amp; DJ Jazzy Jeff are reuniting for a two-night performance in Europe this August False
Watch John Legend make shopping at Costco and doing laundry sound super sexy False
America's rich get richer and the poor get replaced by robots False
Peter Buffett talks philanthropy, music and life with dad Warren Buffett False
#thevetting True
The U.S. has no plans to expand the airline laptop ban to British airports False
More gory details regarding the ill-fated #SukmaAttack emerge True
#Bahubali #Prabhas might end up playing an important role in a Rs 1000 crore-film adaptation of #Mahabharata 😱😍 False
Dana White says UFC turned down a $5 billion offer for the company: False
Reuben Foster is a potential top-10 pick in this year's NFL draft. False
China questions if the U.S. under Trump is doing enough to meet Paris climate accord pledges False
Merkel and Schulz will hold a televised debate 3 weeks before German national elections False
Happy Days star Scott Baio defends himself against Erin Moran death backlash False
Macron can be the 'French JFK', say his EU allies False
President Trump will sign an agriculture executive order Tuesday False
Lemonade just turned 1! Let's remember how it blew us all away when we first listened to it. False
Sean Spicer: Trump 'has a heart' on immigration — via @dcexaminer False
Antibiotic that can cure hospital-acquired pneumonia is the first new drug of its class for 40 YEARS True
Steve Bannon reportedly made millions off 'Seinfeld' and Larry David knew nothing about it: False
State Department website removes article touting history of Trump’s Mar-a-Lago estate False
Russia supplying Taliban with weapons, top U.S. general in Afghanistan suggests: False
Marine Le Pen stands down from National Front party ahead of May 7 vote #frenchelection2017 False
Robert Pirsig: Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance author dies aged 88 False
Juice makes his music video debut 🎶

Le'Veon Bell premieres video for his song "Machine"

🎥: False
North Korea nuclear: White House to summon Senate for briefing False
Brazilian bandits stole over $40 million from a vault in Paraguay False
Judge orders release of Aaron Hernandez suicide notes False
White House officials offer conflicting details of Trump tax plan False
A publisher of one's own: Virginia and Leonard Woolf and the Hogarth Press False
The Milanese malaise plumbs new depths of calamity in Serie A | Paolo Bandini  via @guardian_sport False
Euro jumps as Macron emerges as favorite to lead France False
Morning brief: Trump talks North Korea with China, Japan False
Follow ongoing coverage &amp; analysis of the French presidential election False
12-year-old drives 800 miles across Australia before police stop him False
Woman attacked by shark in British territory St Helena False
Ella Fitzgerald's flirtation with jazz's historical drug culture False
I’m concerned that my children are no longer employable True
China's first big jetliner clears final hurdle before flying False
A family left a heartwarming note for an NFL player after sitting behind him on a flight False
Don't miss out on the #Bollywood drama, read on! :D True
Arsenal v Manchester City: FA Cup semi-final – live! False
Wall Street is changing how it trades the world's hottest investment product True
Frozen hash browns recalled for having pieces of golf balls in them False
Marine Le Pen set for triumph after in French presidential race after Paris terror attack False
Chez Panisse Meyer lemon meringue pie makes for a spectacular centerpiece dessert False
Tennis legend Ilie Nastase 'makes racist comment about Serena Williams' unborn child' False
.@chancetherapper recruits @KingL and DJ Oreo for his upcoming #BeEncouraged tour. False
Not So Special? Off-year elections results mixed in predicting future  (via @ChadPergram) False
It may be time for Blake Griffin to find a new NBA home False
ECB stands ready to support banks if needed in the aftermath of the French election False
Patrick Beverley reportedly confronted a Thunder fan after the Rockets' Game 3 loss. False
See the incredible view of Earth from SpaceX's historic mission False
War veterans: Confessions of a Japanese kamikaze pilot, Nazi officer, Russian war hero and more... False
Jane Birkin: ‘I learned French off a tape recorder. All the French people laughed’ False
Madeleine McCann may have been snatched by traffickers, top ex-cop says | #FOXNewsWorld False
Funeral plans announced in Connecticut for Aaron Hernandez  via @NBCBoston False
Obama-era Surgeon General replaced False
Zayn Malik &amp; PARTYNEXTDOOR throw a NSFW party in "Still Got Time" video False
Wait, wait, wait, Rob Lowe is the new KFC colonel? False
Go inside the notebook of a reporter who covered the Laci Peterson story False
cute. True
Perspective: "Local police don’t go after most cybercriminals. We need better training." False
7 ways to fight back from student loan refinancing rejection: True
Raiders and Marshawn Lynch are roughly $1.5M apart on 2017 salary, per @VicTafur False
Why many Syrians welcomed US strikes on #Assad regime targets  #Syria True
Cowboys CB Anthony Brown will now be playing with a chip on his shoulder…literally False
Startup founded by MIT fellow wants you to live forever as a digital "ghost": False
Best photos of the day: slacklining and electioneering True
Tips to be more spontaneous while clicking #candid #photographs! True
Children undergo traditional Buddhist head-shaving in South Korea False
Jaden and Willow Smith are starting a rock band: False
Yorkshire Building Society launches record low UK mortgage rate False
It's been quite a week of political news. Have a go at our weekly news quiz True
His charges went from 'assault' to 'accessory' with a charge of “offensive touching” False
legacy. True
Nas, Wu-Tang Clan &amp; Damian Marley to headline Cannabis Cup False
49ers, Bears and Jets trying to move down?

Bold moves that could blow up latest mock drafts False
A 5-studio tug of war has broken out over James Bond False
Vanderbilt football stars in sorority recruitment video spoof

🎥: True
Are You Smart Enough To Solve This Murder? True
This '13 Reasons Why' actor became a meme for being too grown and sexy True
end of an era. True
The world's largest and most beautiful cave is under threat from a cable car False
Gronk on the Bills? Jerry Rice on the Patriots? Aaron Rodgers on the 49ers?

It could have happened. True
Mental health orgs send warnings about '13 Reasons Why' False
What is the price of disrupting someone's sleep? Apparently, your life! True
Zimbabwe schools accept goats for tuition fees False
McDonald's order trips up Facebook murder suspect False
Sony Music's Carmine Coppola elevated to EVP, CFO False
Fall kills veteran hiker who climbed California peak over 700 times False
Iceberg tourists flock to Newfoundland town False
A larger majority would help Theresa May in several ways as she prepares for Brexit talks False
Just in: Facebook murder suspect dead by suicide False
Goldman Sachs' new CFO just faced his first grilling by Wall Street analysts False
U.S. factory output falls the most since August amid a drop in autos False
Freddie Gibbs talks writing his album in prison, betrayal, and Tupac's legacy. False
Celebrate Tax Day 2017 with these deals and freebies: True
What to do if you can’t pay your tax bill in full True
Trevor Noah loves the giant eggs that Trump laid at his Easter shindig False
JUST IN: U.S. Supreme Court rejects Arkansas' request to vacate stay of execution False
Trump’s tough tweets aren't reflected in his foreign policy so far False
Top Trump confidant: Trump should make a deal with Ginsburg and nominate Garland False
Crocodile leaps from the water to attack an elephant in Malawi False
DOJ is guaranteeing that Arpaio’s fate will be decided by a federal judge, not by a jury of his peers. False
 True
What Kendrick Lamar's Coachella performance could mean for an upcoming tour: False
The latest fad in baseball is investing in outfielders that specialize in catching and throwing —
 not hitting False
All hail Adelaide: How the Australian city became 'the new Portland' False
White House forced to deny claims Donald Trump is insisting on riding in the Queen's golden carriage False
"Fast and Furious" fatigue is finally setting in False
Damon Lindelof on the apocalypse and Donald Trump False
Really mean tournament organizers troll 'Smash Bros.' fans with fake Switch announcement False
Drake slams Coachella country club for "racial profiling." False
Nicknamed '#CalculatorGirl', #DilpreetKaur set 11 #national and two #worldrecords! 😍😍🙌😊 False
DBS BankVoice: How to live luxe for less True
Man insists his "Chinese keep off the grass" sign isn't racist False
Deals ensure cash keeps flowing to unsettled Prince estate False
The North Korea problem is "coming to a head," national security adviser says: False
The first week numbers for @joeyBADASS' 'All-Amerikkkan Badass' are in. False
#Antibiotics overuse could result in common illness becoming life threatening  #health False
Take a look at the 10 hottest cars that debuted at the New York International Auto Show False
wat True
oh. True
Toyota's new concept for millennials has built-in camping hacks False
oh? True
Robert Newman: ‘Scientists think we’re all stupid. It makes me angry…’ False
.@JColeNC previews new music in '4 Your Eyez Only' documentary. #JColeOnHBO False
Following United's incident, Delta offers up to $10K to customers who give up a seat. False
"We got him": Cops say DNA links suspect to slain jogger  via @NBCBoston False
Tyrese issues an apology after getting dragged for ‘promiscuous women’ comments. False
Does Bonobos make sense? True
Why this 6th-grade girl purposefully broke her school's sexist dress code True
World's oldest person, Italian woman Emma Morano, has died aged 117  (Pic: Reuters) False
Man reunited with vintage car he last drove in the 1950s after current owner tracks him down True
this guy's life would improve so much if he lifted some heavy objects periodically True
Geraldo Rivera responds to Kendrick Lamar diss, says young people are more hurt by hip hop lyrics than racism False
Brexit is costing the Premier League a lot of money False
24 hilarious products that just might make you pee your pants True
One little drop of your blood may someday predict how long you’ll live True
Why American airstrikes go wrong True
North Korea 'ready for nuclear attack' amid show of force False
Exercise improves your VISION: Low-intensity workouts boost the part of the brain that processes information False
How "Survivor" and CBS prepared for the outrage over a transgender contestant's outing True
United has changed its policy for overbooking flights and removing passengers: False
Would You Swipe Right On These Historical Hotties? True
People are photoshopping the hell out of the new 'Star Wars: The Last Jedi' Poster: False
Syrian regime begins evacuating more than 30,000 'starving' people from four besieged towns False
Victoria's Secret announced its list of 'What Is Sexy' and it's the worst False
How President Trump is — and is not — changing what it means to be American False
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day True
Social worker criticised after saying christening a baby would 'hinder chance of adoption' False
Syrian regime begins evacuating more than 30,000 'starving' people from four besieged towns False
Teachers given projects based on racist stereotypes, study finds False
Explosive. Athletic. Powerful.

Ranking the NFL Draft's top edge-rushers False
Lions unveil new unis for next season 👀 False
Black teachers are leaving the profession due to racism False
Will you fly high or fail to take flight in this week's news quiz? 🤔 (Pic: AP) True
Trump election agenda on trade in disarray after China deal on North Korea False
Tesla spikes after Elon Musk tweets a semi-truck is coming False
Trump reverses course in 24 hours from Nato to China to Fed False
Opinion: A presidency that was almost too much fun has taken a clear turn to the serious, writes @DanHenninger False
Donald Trump shares "beautiful" chocolate cake and "great chemistry" with China’s Xi False
'Great chemistry': Trump abandons China criticism as Russia ties suffer False
Heath Ledger's final gift to daughter Matilda False
'Cold and beautiful' True
George Carey: "Christians face genocide, but the Government looks the other way" #premium False
Pres. Trump flips on campaign pledge to label China as a currency manipulator. False
United's fiasco has been a boon for startups that help travelers with airline woes False
Everything you need to know about NATO - the North Atlantic Treaty Organization: True
Analysis: Trump seems dazzled by being able to bomb Syria over dessert False
With conventional grocers eating its lunch, Whole Foods is borrowing their tactics True
Steph Curry is in a hater-proof bubble for now, but the backlash will come False
Remembering one of the NBA's biggest failed experiments, the "new ball" False
North Korean hockey players return home without gifts False
not even maggie True
ADPVoice: 3 ways to equalize the treatment of women in the workplace True
How Much Do You Actually Know About Dogs? False
Project Include has a simple starting point for workplace diversity: Better data False
Executive producer says @MTVAwards are "like a millennial Golden Globes" False
WATCH LIVE: Defense Secretary Mattis addresses U.S. airstrikes on Syria False
1 person is dead and 2 are hospitalized after a shooting at an automotive part production plant in Cookeville, TN. False
Leaders of G7 nations agree that Assad MUST go False
People in China are calling for a boycott of United Airlines False
Cops hunt accused gun thief who sent anti-government manifesto to Trump False
#ICYMI: Want to make the perfect cuppa? Microwave it ☕ False
UK inflation holds steady at three-and-a-half year high as cheaper air fares and petrol offset food price rises False
Michael Douglas: how we made One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest False
Why bond bears look poised to come out of hibernation (again) True
Warship review – one of our ships keeps breaking down False
A woman was penalized for calling the police about domestic violence False
Gunman who murdered Texas deputy constable killed himself, police say False
 True
Teacher, 8yo student gunned down by estranged husband in #SanBernardino False
What's behind Delta's and other airlines' repeated computer glitches: False
49ers RB Tim Hightower vows to not wear team-issued No. 21 in honor of Frank Gore False
It starts with the Cowboys and Cardinals in the Hall of Fame game. False
San Bernardino shooting: 
Police spokesman says a man and a woman have died and two pupils are 'critical' False
Former WR Titus Young sentenced to four years in prison for battery, per @TMZ_Sports False
 True
A pair of managers from Izzy Englander's $35 billion hedge fund are setting off on their own False
Toasting each other’s health with a post-match pint of Lambrini Bianco  via @guardian_sport False
Nikki Haley benefits from chaos in Trump White House, emerges as the darling of the hawks False
Russian teenagers talk politics, protests and Putin False
Advertisers boycotting Bill O'Reilly ignored years of offensive comments False
Southern rail's boss just doubled his salary to £500,000 False
Why Trump’s decision to launch missiles into Syria is at odds with nearly everything he has said about Syria False
John Oliver fights for your right to 'f**k things up for everybody else' False
#CycloneCook hits #NewCaledonia  #cyclone False
Chechnya 'opens world's first concentration camp for homosexuals since Hitler's' after rounding up 100 gay men False
'France is not responsible' for transport of Jews in WWII says Le Pen False
"Is appearing you are abandoning 'your base'," the group wrote in a post about Trump False
The long and winding road to Manny Pacquiao's next fight appears to be over. False
Lipstick Under My Burkha is now eligible for #GoldenGlobes #Bollywood False
Watch @TheChainsmokers perform "Paris" and "Break Up Every Night" on #SNL False
ISIS media arm claims responsibility for deadly Palm Sunday church attacks in Egypt False
Indian and Chinese navies joined hands to save 19 Filipino crew members which was attacked by pirates. #Aden False
Here's what happened when a Chinese company took over a closed GM plant True
34 memes you'll only understand if cats rule everything around you True
Goldman Sachs is about to swallow Donald Trump True
US navy strike group to move towards Korean peninsula, official says False
The state shouldn't be helping itself to our cash without parliamentary approval #Premium False
Tanna: Yakel community's way of life unchanged by Hollywood acclaim False
 True
NRA employee accidently shoots himself at a NRA firearms training session. False
Meet the app that's a game-changing startup for stoners: TokeWith False
10 successful people on the toughest sacrifices they made to reach their goals — via @Medium True
Spanish police helicopter accused of defying UK by flying over Gibraltar 'all week' in violation of its airspace False
Get a complimentary issue of Forbes today: False
Burnley’s Matt Lowton denies Middlesbrough late on in tame draw  via @guardian_sport False
Fox is reportedly using Trump’s ‘Grab ’em by the p***y’ tape in sexual harassment seminars. False
Stoke v Liverpool, Manchester City v Hull, Premier League and more – live! False
This guy went on a holiday with a group of total strangers for the greatest reason True
Syrians 'thank' Trump for missile strike by changing their Twitter profiles to photos of him False
One suspect arrested after at least four people killed in #StockholmAttack  (Pic: Reuters) False
Gold drops suddenly and sharply False
Germany’s right wing attacked the media. Now Germans trust the press more than ever. False
What comes next after U.S. missile strikes in Syria? False
These are the 25 most powerful passports in the world — the U.S. is tied for third True
Trump shows he is willing to act forcefully, quickly False
So, what IS a Tomahawk Land Attack Missile? True
27 drinking memes you need to send to your school friends True
How urban transportation and planning can unlock the future of accessibility False
Nate Dogg's son Naijiel arrested in drug sting: False
Why the 'best' debt payoff strategy may not be the best for you: False
Mysterious radio signals are from outer space, say scientists False
Comcast wants be your new cellphone carrier. Here’s everything you need to know. True
Devin Nunes’ replacements aren’t exactly eager to investigate Trump-Russia ties either False
America's police are embracing drones... could they soon be armed? True
Thabo Sefolosha reaches settlement with NYPD over nightclub arrest False
The battle in the West Wing is between nationalists and globalists   via @NBCFirstRead False
The embattled Bill O'Reilly got backing from Donald Trump, who called him "a good person" False
.@camilacabello97 is writing music about her family's journey from Cuba: "I want to make a love song for immigrants" False
Chicago Public School students who want to graduate may have to show proof that they have a plan False
Go to Everest Base Camp—just for breakfast False
Pepsi, I wrote a sequel to your commercial, free of charge. True
BMW's British workers just called for their first strikes in more than 2 decades False
 True
Russ is stat-padding? Harden is a system player?

The case against every MVP candidate False
Trump's chief strategist Steve Bannon stripped of national security council role False
Inside the radical idea to solve late-game NBA intentional foul issues.

For starters, the game clock vanishes: False
This Topshop graphic tee has a major typo True
Chelsea Clinton leaves door open for possible 2020 White House run False
One fan even said, “Seeing @MichelleObama's natural hair is life changing". #Beautiful #Inspired 😍😊 False
Pretend To Buy Some Jewelery And We'll Guess How Old You Are True
Nivea actually ran an ad with the slogan 'white is purity' and no, it didn't end well False
Mysterious radio signals really are coming to Earth from outer space, scientists discover False
North Korea fires ballistic missile into Sea of Japan, U.S. and South Korea say False
See Harry Styles hanging from a helicopter on his #SignOfTheTimes video set 😮 False
Despite losing 4 starters on a Sweet 16 team, UCLA still cracks our super-early top 25 False
Staples is on the block. It was battered by the recession and faces competition from Amazon and others False
This lady with six kids is one of the funniest moms on Twitter True
Help us solve the mystery of Kendall Jenner's shorts: True
Despite the NHL pulling out of the Olympics, Ovi says he'll play for Russia: False
Obama adviser Susan Rice denies targeting Trump team False
Border wall 'critical' for reducing crime, former agents testify False
DNC chief won’t apologize for using profanity to slam GOP False
A surprisingly good place to die: How Mongolia excels at palliative care False
Obesity during pregnancy increases risk of epilepsy in child, study finds False
ANALYSIS: Reserve Bank stuck between rock and a hard place on interest rates, writes @IanVerrender #ausbiz False
Creepy shipment of snakes, spiders and scorpions is not the kind of mail you want to open True
Senate Democrats have enough support to filibuster Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch. False
 True
"The Walking Dead" season finale: “We’re the ones who live” False
Opinion: School choice critics hype a pair of studies while ignoring other evidence on education vouchers False
Behind the $500 million future of Fazlur Rahman Khan's most famous design: False
These are the 10 best fashion moments from Beyonce's "B'Day Anthology Video Album" True
19 snacks from your childhood you literally forgot about until right now True
Here's why tensions are flaring over Gibraltar True
This former Google VP is starting a company promising clean and safe nuclear energy True
JPMorgan ChaseVoice: 10 digital marketing tips for small business owners True
Police release images of three suspects after brutal attack on teen refugee False
The complainant alleged that #RakhiSawant hurt the sentiments of #Valmiki community by making objectionable comments False
Book review: Trump’s new Russia expert wrote a psychological profile of Vladimir Putin — and it should scare Trump False
The best hiking trips around the globe, from Australia to Amalfi False
Fans are going nuts speculating over the gender of Beyoncé's twins. False
Banker who worked as Russian secret agent to be released early, deported: False
After golf with Trump, @RandPaul says he's 'very optimistic' about ObamaCare repeal  via @josephweber19 False
A filibuster deal with Democrats over Gorsuch would be a judicial + political disaster, from  @WSJOpinion edit board False
.@newtgingrich: All 'Real Evidence' of Russian Influence Points to Democrats False
A top @LinkedIn exec shares his best career advice for 20-somethings True
Is the economy is strong enough to deliver middle-class prosperity? False
This woman found her tweenage time capsule from 1998 and it's magical False
Baseball returns in just an hour on ESPN.

Rankings and charting out the season for all 30 teams: False
The Brexit negotiations were getting boring – we needed a battle over Gibraltar to spice things up False
Kenya's high court rules that one third of MPs must be women False
Place of refuge True
Did you like "Serial"? Here's why their new podcast, "S-Town," is better. False
Opinion: What is the most efficient thing you — just one concerned person — can do about global warming? False
These cities will overthrow Silicon Valley as the new centers for tech in coming years: True
Beci Orpin: Behind the scenes of her Instagrammable life 📸 #craft #diy False
ughhhhh April Fool's Day is the WORST on the internet but okay, fine, one company did a great job this year True
It's April Fools' day. Read one of these funny books. True
How can execs stay sharp  in this dizzying business world? True
No need to sweat. We've got you covered.

Ultimate guide to the 2017 #FinalFour False
Feast your eyes (and weep with envy) at the world's priciest holiday villas False
 True
6-year-old boy sees man lying in parking lot; what he did next saved the man's life True
This Chinese stock soared 4,500% on Nasdaq - and no one knows why False
Here's what we're desperate to know about #Outlander Season 3: True
.@realDonaldTrump's battle with #Obamacare leaves US health care in uncertain era False
Did President Trump and Condoleezza Rice meet to smooth their previously rocky relationship? False
This week, Donald Trump neither made friends nor influenced people on Capitol Hill False
Who do you think will win at Wrestlemania 33? Check our predictions here: True
The Guardian view on social change: seeing what’s in front of us | Editorial False
I just noticed this about "Easy A" and my mind is blown True
.@kendricklamar's "Humble" is everything The Young Pope could have been. False
How will things play out on Saturday for the remaining contenders?

Bold predictions for each Final Four team: True
So, don't be a cheat. Because, Science True
'Gilligan's Island' star Dawn Wells talks Mary Ann's sex appeal True
Noted Catholic theologian Nancy Pelosi, everyone: True
Victoria Beckham and James Corden spice it up for 'Carpool Karaoke' in this spoof trailer False
The definitive ranking of the best '90s comedies True
These are the winners in this year's Sony World Photography Awards  via @CNNTravel False
The Beatles, Aerosmith &amp; Godsmack: A history of "Come Together" on the charts False
White House press secretary Sean Spicer is holding a briefing. Watch live on CNN or @CNNgo: False
This girl captured the exact moment a seagull stole her ice cream and it's intense False
2 White House officials helped provide intelligence reports to the Republican leading the House Russia inquiry False
Here's how the Internet really felt about Chris Brown's appearance on 'Black-ish' True
Son of Greggs founder jailed for more than 13 years for child sex abuse False
Russell Westbrook was so good last night that he got "MVP!" chants from opposing fans. False
Douglas Coupland: 'The nine to five is barbaric' False
Samsung sweetens the deal for Galaxy S8 pre-orders False
#Photos: Brisbane's #bigwet False
Ambassador @DanielBShapiro explains why a new conflict in Gaza is brewing  via @BV False
PaycomVoice: Honoring women in business 
 @Paycom False
On the eve of an Oprah movie about Henrietta Lacks, an ugly feud consumes the family False
IRS phone scammers are getting more sophisticated False
Why the Miami Dolphins owner voted 'No' on Las Vegas Raiders False
Here's vintage polaroids of Britney and Christina in their 2003 VMAs wedding dresses False
Eight executions in 11 days: Arkansas order may endanger staff's mental health False
Mayors want answers on the Trump administration's "sanctuary city" policies False
Academy announces new protocols to prevent mistake like last month's best picture flub False
Heroin use spikes fivefold in U.S. False
Drag him, slay queen! True
You can now buy a weed flower crown for Coachella, because why not? False
The Fox News host Sean Hannity has been very upset with Ted Koppel this week True
"This case has done nothing but show lawyers at their worst."

@OTLonESPN on the NFL's concussion settlement: False
Samsung launches Galaxy S8 smartphone False
#Article50: The key Brexit challenges facing the UK #premium False
#BREAKING: Britain files Article 50 letter to formally leave European Union #Brexit False
. @JohnLegend takes over public piano for impromptu gig at London train station False
#Pratyusha's former boyfriend #RahulRaj thinks this is a publicity stunt True
Clever students smoke more weed False
Pres. Trump pledges 'easy' health care deal after defeat. "I think it's going to happen." False
What does #Australia's #solar #energy future look like? True
“People sitting in a room picking stocks, thinking they are smarter than the next guy — that does not work anymore” True
USA Gymnastics skipped a Senate hearing on sex abuse. The victims did not. False
Baseball season is almost here. Sign up for @ESPNFantasy Baseball and prepare for your draft here: False
Can President Trump really bring back coal mining jobs? The verdict is mixed. False
Radio Rentals facing class action over 'Rent, Try, $1 Buy' scheme #consumers #ausbiz False
Humans is returning for more True
Trump has launched a blitzkrieg in the wars on science and Earth’s climate | Dana Nuccitelli False
No, Melania Trump does not want to wire you $20 million False
Watch Shawn Mendes &amp; Camila Cabello crush a cover of Ed Sheeran's "Kiss Me" False
Policeman who is Russia's worst-ever serial killer gives first chilling account of his murderous double life False
Seth Meyers skewers @realDonaldTrump’s supposed deal-making skills ➡️ by @lee_moran False
Top of the class True
Jared Kushner has become a subject of the Russia investigation False
Can't fraud the Mossad! True
Govt rejects @msdhoni, #GurmeetRamRahimSingh and #ArnabGoswami's names for #PadmaAward nominations False
Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner to face questions from Senate committee on Russia ties False
EPA administrator: Trump to sign order that will roll back US power plant regulations False
Turkmen Asian Games mascot gets makeover False
10 things you need to know before the opening bell False
Put on your party shoes – it’s time for political hedonism | Roman Krznaric True
Here's who enjoys the most and least public holidays among Asia's largest markets False
The U.S. is being beaten by European and Japanese firms in the race to supply cutting-edge production machinery False
.@Uber suspends self-driving car program after Arizona crash (pic: Reuters) False
Charles Barkley says Michael Jordan used to wager 'hundreds of thousands of dollars' on golf False
Beef with police: Hilarious moment cow charges at officer trying to wrangle the runaway heifer False
Two can play this game. True
The Observer view on triggering article 50 | Observer editorial False
The #world to do something for people suffering in #SouthSudan. True
Baseball fans, the wait is almost over: This is the last weekend without MLB.

Here's everything you need to know: False
Skeleton of German WWII pilot dug up is identified by his initials etched onto a watch found in the wreckage False
Arkansas is racing to execute 8 men, but a new hurdle may derail the plan True
Red Nose Day raises more than £71 million for Comic Relief False
Ur simply the best Al True
Watch Gorillaz debut new "Humanz" album in its entirety at secret show True
Gonzaga and Xavier will be vying for a first-ever Final Four trip. KU &amp; Oregon will be burning up the scoreboard. False
Pete Shotton (early John Lennon bandmate &amp; childhood friend) has died at 75 False
Sydney-based professor 'heading back' to Australia after murky flight ordeal in China False
Relative of Westminster attacker's ex-wife describes how she was 'abused and controlled by psychopath' False
Buck Hill, jazz saxophonist and D.C. ‘local legend,’ dies at 90 False
Thousands flee Mosul over fear of airstrikes False
Sesame Street’s new Muppet Julia brought 60 Minutes viewers to tears False
This Word Test Will Tell You If You Think With Your Head Or Your Heart True
An owl put the brakes on NASCAR Cup Series practice Friday. It was a real hoot. Watch now False
Ex-NBA star Shaq furnishes home of Atlanta girl who survived dog attack #FOXNewsUS False
AMERICAN HEROES + GOGGIES + TGIF True
Evening Briefing: Here's what you need to know at the end of the day True
Meet the 20-year-old leading the March Against Revenge Porn False
How does Russia meddle in elections? Look at Eastern Europe True
Murdered ex-lawmaker knew 'misdeeds of Russian elites,' Kremlin critic says False
"At the crime scene, cartel members left a note stating that the murder was due to her reporting." True
Italian man acquitted of sexual violence charges because the woman didn’t cry out or scream False
Full circle. True
The man who fired a rifle inside the D.C. pizzeria at the center of Pizzagate pleaded guilty to weapons charges False
Dude. True
Sexual harassment isn’t about sex, it’s about power False
Teen describes moment Westminster killer ran him over False
Senate votes to undo Obama-era internet privacy rules False
Does Laura Dern handle a lightsaber in the new #StarWars film? Find out: True
"I've got more than enough money saved." True
House intel committee chairman apologizes to Democrats after intelligence dust-up False
GSA rules President Trump’s DC hotel lease is in "full compliance" False
🚨 @ZaynMalik's new song #StillGotTime, feat. PartyNextDoor, has arrived! 🚨 False
.@youngthug, @2chainz, @wizkhalifa &amp; PnB Rock "Gang Up" on new track: True
Pro-settlement hardliner Friedman confirmed as US envoy to Israel False
This woman voted for Trump but now the government is deporting her husband True
High school's quirky tradition randomly pairs prom dates. False
Charles Barkley says Michael Jordan used to wager 'hundreds of thousands of dollars' on golf False
Patriots visit to White House scheduled for April 19 False
China announces creation of a 'green necklace' around the capital by expanding forests and wetlands False
How to use Apple's most innovative iPhone app of the year False
Behind the scenes, Republican House members are making deals over pizza and Doritos False
Sweden's Princess Sofia announces she's expecting her second child with Carl Philip False
British police reveal the name of London attacker False
Mass trial in PNG over brutal killing of people suspected of sorcery False
WATCH: FBI confirms 18-year-old US-Israeli citizen arrested for JCC bomb threats False
Embarrassing! True
East lags west as Nigeria's biggest bank outshines Kenyan peer False
The evolution of @GFRDofficial's uniform style False
.@oreillyfactor: Media's treatment of Maryland high school rape 'beyond anything I have ever seen' False
What the Freedom Caucus wants in the GOP health-care bill, and why it’s not getting it True
Did Intel overpay for an acquisition with its $15 billion purchase of Mobileye? False
"Sorry..." Nail salon sign says overweight customers need to pay extra, sparking uproar False
Ex-GOP official who accused Dems of voter fraud is charged with voter fraud False
Coach Cal and Kentucky agree to two-year contract extension False
Opinion: Neil Gorsuch regrets to inform the Senate that he is not God False
Metropolitan Police: We are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise. False
Passion is overrated — 7 work habits you need instead True
Revealed: The six expert tips that will ensure EVERYONE respects you in work True
Brook Lopez jokes about his brother Robin fighting with Serge Ibaka. False
Jimmy Kimmel breaks down why Ivanka Trump just got a plum White House job True
The Anne Frank House is dealing with a stark reality: Many young visitors have little knowledge about the Holocaust. False
A new "leash" on life: Los Angeles shelter gives disabled dogs a chance with a set of wheels False
Joey Badass' "Mask Off" freestyle is pretty fire! True
Rep. Dave Brat on the health care bill: "I cannot go back home with that product" False
Timeline of the alleged kidnapping of 15-year-old Tennessee student by her former teacher: False
New ban on electronics in carry-ons tracks back to 2016 bombing, U.S. official says: False
Ex-British Prime Minister David Cameron cracks a joke about President Trump's wiretap claim False
What’s the story behind the FISA court? True
White House defends President Trump’s 10 golf outings  via @YahooNews True
100s of relatives of those killed on Sept. 11 sue Saudi Arabia, trying to hold kingdom responsible for the attacks. False
Miss a payment? Here's how your dealer can remotely disable your car: True
No cardboard cut-outs of Trudeau, Canada diplomats told False
.@Qantas' chief recently signed a letter to Australian PM #MalcolmTurnbull calling him to legalise same-sex marriage False
Best and worst of NCAA's opening week  via @YahooSports False
See how out of control Peru's flooding is False
Was Russ holding KD back? Or was it the other way around?

@royceyoung writes, it's reasonable to wonder: False
Michael Strahan put up a good fight against Tiger Woods in a putting challenge 

🎥: False
FBI director, on Trump's charges that he was wiretapped by Obama: "I have no information that supports those tweets" False
"At breakfast with his wife in the rural community of Yanga moments before the murder" True
Trump’s visits to Mar-a-Lago are stretching Palm Beach’s budget and locals’ patience False
Inside the German coal mine that's been transformed from defunct industrial wasteland to a beautiful park for locals False
Trump budget plan cuts international food aid program, halts funds for clean water False
"I need to make sure you're from here before I serve you": Waiter fired for asking diners for proof of residency False
#ICYMI: What if your anxiety could be useful? True
The most expensive death on "Game of Thrones" will probably surprise you True
Trump and Spicer’s remarks about British ‘wiretapping’ are absurd – and dangerous False
Philadelphia’s Cinco de Mayo festival is canceled amid fears of an ICE raid False
Chuck Berry: His life in photos True
Jimmy Breslin, Pulitzer Prize-winning chronicler of wiseguys and underdogs, dies at 88 False
A Wichita State player called Kentucky "nothing special."

Willie Cauley-Stein had some thoughts on that: False
Top 8 moments from "Selena" in honor of film's 20th anniversary False
Can I become a buy-to-let landlord with a budget of £300,000?#premium True
Fans launch petition to keep Neighbours on British TV after reports it could be axed False
The mother who made the ultimate sacrifice True
Disabled goldfish gets its own wheelchair and the internet cheers False
Merkel challenger looks to harness unruly party for election bid False
Chelsea Clinton joins Expedia board of directors False
Laid OUT.

MMA fighter KOs opponent with a single punch

🎥: True
Vladimir Putin's election playbook isn't working so far in France False
Heavy rains flood Lima, Peru and displace several thousand residents False
'That's not how it works': Trump's grasp of Nato questioned after Merkel tweets False
This 5-year-old geography whiz expertly burned Trump on "The Ellen Show" False
Watch the full trailer for the third and final season of The Leftovers, TV's most underrated gem False
51 pictures that are guaranteed to make every teacher laugh True
13 things to know about this week's charts: Ed Sheeran is No. 1 on Artist 100, Hot 100 and Billboard 200 True
"I wasn’t exactly at an age when a man should be concerned about his fertility. But somehow I had gotten the mumps." False
Man shot dead at Paris airport after attempting to take soldier's gun. False
Distrust, dysfunction, disappointment

Yes, these are your Chicago Bulls False
Denim-garbed Canadian snowmobile daredevil is your new role model False
Tell Us What You Need, And We’ll Tell You What TV Shows To Binge On Netflix True
Police 'shoot man' at Paris Orly airport False
Donald Trump tweeted about St Patrick's day and colossally missed the irony True
Vladimir Putin's election playbook isn't working so far in France False
Beware, dine-and-dash dater strikes again True
Deutsche Bank looks to lend its way out of mortgage mess False
Oooooh True
#RexTillerson makes first official visit to China, looks for breakthrough on #SouthChinaSea False
#SXSW 2017 recap (airport 'scope!) False
11 things you probably didn’t know the National Endowment for the Arts helped create True
Watch the lyric video for @LinkinPark's "Battle Symphony" False
The 10 Biggest Problems With Season 7 Of 'The Walking Dead' True
THE PORK MUST FLOW. True
Is our plastic bottle addiction wrecking the planet? Our live look at the week False
5 dads and their awesomely bad dance moves True
Leah Remini’s battle with the Church of Scientology continues False
How ancestral climates may have shaped your nose False
.@rickyrozay drops his 'Rather You Than Me' album, f/ Future, Gucci Mane, Nas, and more. False
Amber Harrison hires high-profile #barrister in battle against Seven West Media False
Leigh heap pressure on Warrington after Gareth Hock leads the way  via @guardian_sport False
A day before Kansas opens NCAA play, an affidavit says Josh Jackson threatened to "beat" a KU women's player in Dec. False
Video footage shows ‘policemen without uniform’ assaulting citizens  in Belarus True
European lawmakers crack down on the import of so-called conflict minerals False
.@Tip reveals dates for his #HustleGangTour False
How to train a machine brain, Pentaho's 4 pillars of AI False
A Kansas lawmaker just compared Planned Parenthood to a Nazi death camp True
Envelope ‘bomb’ explodes at IMF office in Paris, injuring one person False
U.S. Women's Hockey Team will boycott world championship tournament over fair pay False
WorldStarHipHop founder Lee “Q” O’Denat's cause of death has been revealed. True
To be fair tho, who still reads reviews on Netflix's website? True
USMNT WCQ roster includes the return of Clint Dempsey False
Doubts swirl around inflation bets driving markets... again False
Kentucky coach John Calipari runs his own media empire. Just don't ask him how to send an email. False
Hawaii fears travel ban goes against welcoming aloha spirit False
Are we heading toward another subprime mortgage crisis?  (via @CNNOpinion) True
The original #TammaTamma singer #AnuradhaPaudwal strongly feels people sell “trash in the name of trend” these days False
Davis Davis: Britain should not be 'frightened' of leaving the EU without a deal False
It is their malleable, peace-loving nature &amp; progressive outlook that has helped them retain their cultural identity False
New Yorkers demand to know what happened to the blizzard they were promised False
Ben Affleck says he has completed rehab for alcohol addiction: False
Adele's been lurking and 'drunk tweeting' from a secret Twitter account False
New Border Patrol chief says a wall done "right" will be important and effective. False
10 athletes that should have signature sneakers False
A max deal for...Jrue Holiday? That's how crazy free agency could get this year False
LaVar Ball has yet another hot take. False
19 hilarious jokes about being an intellectual that will make you say “me” True
$65 airfares to Europe are arriving in the U.S. False
The perception — and reality — of the rise of the far right in Europe True
This ancient Greek memory test can help you remember where you left your keys True
Here's what to say when employers ask for your salary history, in any situation True
Alexander Acosta‘s nomination to be U.S. labor secretary is getting backup on the airwaves False
More than 90 percent of coral reefs will die out by 2050 False
13 athletes that deserve a raise True
Blind RAF veteran died after Boots sent him pills meant for different patient with similar name, inquest hears False
Catalan ex-leader Artur Mas banned from office over illegal referendum False
Trump counselor Kellyanne Conway: 'I don't have any evidence' of Trump wiretapping claim  via @GMA False
How to raise your profile at work - without boasting True
A growing number of analysts say the iPhone 8 won't feature a curved screen after all True
Trump counselor Kellyanne Conway: 'I don't have any evidence' of Trump wiretapping claim: False
Your brand new phone may have arrived already infected with data-stealing malware True
Mobileye's stock is soaring on a report Intel just bought it for $15 billion False
Kellyanne Conway mocked for 'spy microwaves' claims during interview about Obama 'wire-tapping' False
Tesla's battery revolution just reached critical mass False
Could a front office job be on the horizon for Kobe Bryant? False
About to start digging into your bracket?

We'll take you region-by-region and tell you all you need to know: True
Charlie Rose returning to "CBS This Morning" on Monday False
Colton Haynes is engaged so cry your happy/sad tears now False
Every Madonna album, ranked False
We're talking to the cast of 'The Relationtrip,' a new movie that just premiered here at #SXSW Join us!  #MashHouse False
Terps turn to March Madness after maddening loss to Northwestern in Big Ten tournament False
Italian confesses to burning homeless man alive over love row False
Bizarre pictures capture wannabe models posing for utterly baffling photo shoots False
Kourtney Kardashian Got Dragged on Twitter After Tweeting About 'Get Out': False
Oh snap! @DemiLovato got slimed at the #KCAs and she did NOT see it coming False
"I don't know how someone can live a life which has so many ups and downs."- #RanbirKapoor on #SanjayDutt False
This year's IRS audits are bad news for the rich True
Dystopian fiction is selling like there's no tomorrow False
Robert James Waller, “Bridges of Madison County" author, is dead at 77 False
This is heartbreaking!!! :( :( :( True
.@elonmusk, @TurnbullMalcolm in talks on #renewables after billionaire's '100 days or it's free' pledge #auspol False
It’s nearly time to move your clocks ahead False
Earth's oceans are warming a lot faster than we thought. True
After federal agents’ raids, Caterpillar faces questions about its exports False
A Texas teacher was arrested for allegedly recording his students undressing. False
Spurs' LaMarcus Aldridge is out indefinitely with minor heart arrhythmia. False
Get a complimentary issue of Forbes today! False
15 notable members of Mar-a-Lago, Trump's 'Winter White House' that costs $200,000 to join True
Senior opposition to health-law changes may be a problem for Republicans. False
Poverty-stricken Nepalese women are being duped into selling their SKIN False
Crashed WW2 Spitfire flies again after £3m refit False
Daylight Saving Time begins this weekend. Here are some tips for surviving the switch: True
European east-west divide widens ahead of Brexit False
Orlando judge revokes bond for wife of Pulse nightclub shooter. False
#UN says world faces worst humanitarian crisis since 1945 with tens of millions starving False
Marijuana use raises an adult’s risk of stroke and heart failure, new research suggests False
Please, please, please help decide if this monstrosity is a sandwich or not True
Dusty Baker on Washington’s championship drought: "We’ll end it here for the whole city" False
Bake Off finalist speaks out about programme's move to Channel 4 True
Julia Louis-Dreyfus is the ultimate proud mom at her son's college basketball game False
Alphabet’s Waymo asks court to halt Uber’s self-driving car effort False
Famine in Africa forces a child to choose whether to feed his siblings or to eat False
Ooh. True
A South Korean firm that has put up a home for a U.S.-made defense system is feeling pressure from Beijing True
Quote of the day: False
ANOTHER Sweden incident. True
Jimmy Garoppolo confuses NFL fans and media with Instagram post about leaving Patriots. False
4 solutions to common tax issues  via @YahooFinance False
What the CIA thinks of your anti-virus program True
Heartbreaking note offers clue to identity of 'suicide victim' who lost family in Japanese tsunami False
Watch The Weeknd and Daft Punk's new video for "I Feel It Coming." False
These theaters have playgrounds because everyone loves loud kids at movies False
Iceland law will force companies to prove women are paid equally False
9 mistakes you're making at the cocktail bar False
Lars von Trier eyeing up Cannes return following controversial Nazi comments False
Almost 60% of adults say they would boycott a brand over a social issue False
The company that makes America's engagement rings plans to open a bunch of stores and close even more True
Little Jenson has the guts to catch everything from a goanna, python to a lizard. Check out the pictures right here! False
How Russian oil giant Rosneft could claim U.S. oil: False
Illegal border crossings decrease by 40 percent in Trump's first month, report says False
68 exquisite photos of women resisting around the world #InternationalWomensDay False
Based Peter. True
#Guatemala fire kills 19 girls at shelter for abused teens (Pic: AP) False
Israel to mute mosques' call to prayer over loudspeakers to 'help locals who have been losing sleep' False
Budget 2017: What it means for you – video analysis False
Here are real life stories of women that will make you sit up and take notice. True
Google conquered internet search. It is having a tougher time winning the rapidly growing cloud-computing industry False
Which team makes the best move? Who goes where?

B/R’s NFL free agency predictions False
''Why Women Are Only Important On Women’s Day?'', asks @itsShalmali.
Can we have an answer? #womensday False
How are you marking International Women's Day? False
A Danish consumer watchdog wants Google to stop storing old user data False
Statue of Liberty lights go out after power cut False
WikiLeaks explained: How vulnerable are you to hackers? True
"Mensch on a Bench": Team Israel — and its mascot — winning at the World Baseball Classic False
Federal prosecutors in Brooklyn believe they have a special weapon in their fight against terrorism: a man named Mo. False
GM’s unconventional view of the European auto industry will likely remain just that—unconventional False
Here's everything you need to know about the International Women's Strike on March 8 False
Junior hockey league brawl turns ugly when player climbs glass to fight fans

🎥: False
Trump hasn't produced a tax plan in the first months of his presidency: False
FBI Director James Comey was "incredulous" over President Trump's tweets, a source says False
There is LITRUHLLY no difference, now get back to mocking conservatives as science deniers! True
Last-minute predictions for major conference tournaments as championship week heats up False
Politicians were complaining about 'fake news' 78 years ago False
Yellow taxis 'have lower accident rate than blue ones' False
North Korea to ban Malaysians from leaving the country amid assassination fallout False
Let he who is without this sin cast the first stone... True
The Kemba Candidates

Which teams are best positioned for a magical March run? True
19% of LinkedIn members say health insurance was the primary factor in choosing a new job False
Gene therapy lets a French teen dodge sickle cell disease: False
Afghan family of 5 with visas being held in two California detention centers and attorneys are asking why. False
Retirement mistake many Americans make True
Nigeria Chibok abductions: Ex-President Jonathan denies rescue snub False
Seven global attractions ruined by tourism True
Peugeot buys Vauxhall and Opel from General Motors: what happens now the deal has been sealed? False
Brexit could 'derail' the EU's attempts to tackle climate change False
Morning brief: Trump may sign revised travel ban order False
Will we be able to cryogenically freeze organs one day? True
In defence of @justinbieber True
1,500 people, 2 elevators and 500 tons of luggage -- here's how the Saudi king travels True
Shocking dash cam footage captures moment driving instructor almost causes a head-on collision True
Liver transplant pioneer Thomas Starzl dies aged 90 False
Clapper: 'No such wiretap activity mounted' on Trump False
.@nbcSNL uses "Forrest Gump" to poke fun at Sessions and Conway False
Peanut butter substitute recalled after 12 cases of E. coli are linked to it False
Trump sons, planning an expansion of the family business, look to leverage campaign experience False
"Muslim women swimmers can compete in #Burkinis." False
What Chinese President Xi Jinping has done so far — and, more important, what he has not done False
Stop corporation tax cuts to save the NHS, Theresa May warned False
A mother and 4 children die in Warwick, Mass. house fire  via @NECN False
Trump planning to sign updated travel ban early next week False
Is the future of the #platypus under threat? False
Russia to 'Sex And The City' star: Ambassador would be happy to meet you, too False
'Walled Off Hotel' claims of having “the worst view of any hotel in the world”. #LOL False
Malaysia expels North Korean ambassador after Kim Jong Nam murder  by @Reuters False
Costco will raise membership fees this year False
The questions appeared to have been written by "the largest grassroots anti-Muslim group in America” False
"Never have I seen the hypocrisy that we see going on around this one issue." True
Rod Stewart apologizes for ISIS lookalike video False
Kevin Durant’s injury shakes up our NBA power rankings False
A student with a deadly peanut allergy suffered a severe reaction after being hazed with peanut butter, his mom said False
Should parents use retirement savings for college tuition? False
7 life-changing things to try in March True
How these inventors built a $20 million business in 3D printing pens: False
Here's how photog @anthony_supreme finds inspiration in LA's lesser known spots!  #promo True
"Significant quantities" of baby remains discovered at former Irish orphanage False
Northwestern football players re-enact the @NUMensBball game-winner

🎥: False
#AshishNehra not taking any risks ahead of #IPL, pulls out of #Delhi team fearing injury False
How does your brain handle virtual reality? True
Boddhi Satva, Bilal offer hope on "Love Will" False
BBC crew attacked in China and forced to sign confession, says reporter False
How is Australia's relationship with Moscow? @PhilWilliamsABC reports False
17 people who are happy for Obama but are also internally sobbing True
Trump wants a $1 trillion investment in roads and bridges. Will more drilling help? False
Pres. Trump says he still has confidence in Attorney General Jeff Sessions: False
How #Coachella gained Lady Gaga after losing Beyonce True
Caterpillar slides after law enforcement authorities with a warrant search its facilities False
Elon Musk is all for this 5th grade Tesla fan's advertising suggestion True
The first trailer for the new "DuckTales" is here and it’s gooOOood False
Young man who walked miles to work now drives after police raise cash False
A basic design feature of Facebook’s advertising system makes it easy to create fake ads True
Ed Sheeran will sing about going 90 mph, but doesn't condone driving that fast False
Tibetan women's football team 'denied US visas' to take part in Texas tournament False
Mouse spotted on plane costs British Airways quarter of a million pounds False
Tibet women's football team 'denied US visas' False
Yahoo's Marissa Mayer gives up her 2017 bonus: False
Jewish centers disrupted by bomb threats  via @YahooNews False
Democratic leaders are determined to make health care the centerpiece of their attacks against Republicans False
Former Soviet gymnast Olga Korbut says goodbye to her Olympic medals False
Johnny Manziel re-hired agent and is reportedly drawing interest from teams False
9 things from Mobile World Congress you should be excited about True
21 things you know if you prefer dirty eating to clean eating True
A tale of two speeches: Comparing Trump's inaugural to his address to Congress False
Donald Trump just launched his plan to publish a weekly list of crimes by immigrants. US politicians audibly groaned False
U.S. airstrikes in Syria kill senior al Qaeda operative who had one known photo: False
'You didn't even go in hard': The day a dad ruined junior football False
Jeff Sessions says there's more violence around marijuana "than one would think" False
Former Soviet gymnast Olga Korbut auctions off her medals False
If there’s a party with no photos, no videos, no Instagrams, no Snapchats, no tweets... was there a party at all? False
LINEUP: Watch Pres. @realDonaldTrump's address to Congress tonight on Fox News False
If the plan was to silence Janet Nguyen, a Republican state senator in California, it backfired False
Donald Trump set to make his 'biggest speech yet' in joint address to Congress: False
Inspiring America: Supper club raises money for refugees False
Former Holy Cross Center, ‘Game of Thrones’ actor Neil Fingleton dies at age 36 False
Jewish centers targeted with bomb threats day after cemetery vandalized False
#BiggestLoser host Bob Harper suffers heart attack False
One Tokyo restaurant's success and failure is decided by pandas having sex True
SpaceX to send two people around the moon who paid for a 2018 mission False
Will the NFL draft be an Ohio homecoming for QB Mitch Trubisky? He hopes so False
People are writing “What In Tarnation” on everything and it’s become a huge meme False
Top generals warn Trump administration on dangers of cutting State Department False
ok True
George W. Bush throws shade at Donald Trump False
What to know about the president's "designated survivor" True
This picture of Moonlight's Jaden Piner sums up how we all feel after the Oscars True
#Oscar for Best Visual Effects goes to ‘The Jungle Book.’  #Oscars False
Remembering the "smell of death" False
Halle Berry's #Oscars curls divide Twitter  via @YahooBeauty False
Joseph Wapner, original "The People’s Court" judge, has died at 97: reports False
'Bionic' heart that's as good as a transplant False
Why Remy Ma's "ShETHER" is one of the most savage diss tracks ever. False
Clingy panda video racks up 163m hits online False
Indian army cancels recruitment exams after 'leak' True
Rep. Justin Amash of Michigan has emerged as one of the leading Republican critics of Trump False
.@indiannavy has to be on guard against an expanding #ChineseNavy in Indian Ocean! False
In London, a "wireless" pacemaker brings new hope for heart failure patients False
Swedish asylum shelter in Vanersborg hit by blaze False
Stormzy: Gang Signs &amp; Prayer review – London’s new grime lord True
Is the art market recovering? London auctions may tell False
10 things anyone who loves an introvert needs to know True
Can the world's most ambitious financial experiment survive? True
Truck plows into Mardi Gras parade crowd in New Orleans False
Girls just wanna... True
One dead, four injured in shooting at Boosie Badazz video set: report False
One man is dead in a shooting that occurred near the filming of a Boosie Badazz video. True
Jack White launches vinyl record pressing plant in Detroit as vinyl revival spurs demand False
Media organisations including BBC, New York Times challenge 'unprecedented' White House briefing ban False
.@McIlroyRory hit back at critics who'd slammed him for playing a round of golf with @POTUS. False
The internet is freaking out over Remy Ma's savage Nicki Minaj diss track. True
Thousands of children and teenagers with anorexia forced to wait months for help False
USF basketball team accidentally leaves two players at airport True
Did her eyes flick down to her phone during the commercials or when did she smile or frown? It was all monitored. True
Remy Ma takes direct aim at Nicki Minaj on new diss song "shETHER." False
Man suspected in Amber Alert had been previously deported, immigration officials say False
Apple consultant arrested for murder after wife vanishes during their vacation cruise False
Housing authority which refused to provide 'overage' Iraqi asylum seeker with accommodation told it must shelter him False
Theresa May facing double defeat over #Brexit bill as Lords debate amendments on EU citizens and final vote for MPs False
Row at Bristol University as lecturers rally round academic who claimed Jews should stop 'privileging' the Holocaust False
This dentist put a 'Where's Wally' scene on his ceiling for patients False
Many older adults still lose sleep worrying about their grown children, new research shows: False
Poll finds 48% of respondents had a very or somewhat favorable view of Obamacare, the highest level since 2010. False
DHS document casts doubt on extra threat from "travel ban" citizens False
A look at the community built by escaped slaves and Native Americans that U.S. forces attacked in 1816  #Daily360 False
Loxton Mardi Gras, Australia's oldest, celebrates its 60th year False
Deutsche Borse, LSE to further address antitrust concerns False
The 1,000-seat auditorium on Apple's new campus will be named after Steve Jobs False
What is your university doing to prevent rape? #sexualassault False
Suspect in Kim Jong-nam assassination posed in flowery bikini at motor show True
France's Le Pen refuses police interview over funding claims False
For all of the motion, Trump is falling behind on his "100-day" promise list False
"I have no political agenda," says #YogenderPalSingh of his application to #adopt PM @narendramodi as his son False
Apple's 'spaceship' HQ almost ready to go False
Friday briefing: Win one, lose one for Labour in byelections False
London house prices are now rising at their slowest pace in four years False
See the full winners list for Premio Lo Nuestro 2017 False
Made-for-TV reenactment of Pulse nightclub attack sparks backlash False
Live: Catholic archbishops front child abuse royal commission in Sydney for second day False
CHINAH share video for 'Even Love' - premiere True
Leicester City sack Claudio Ranieri nine months after Premier League title win – video report False
Dulles Airport soars to 76 degrees, crushing previous record high False
30 amazing products hairstylists actually swear by True
Depeche Mode wants absolutely nothing to do with Richard Spencer False
The border-adjustable tax can't possibly achieve what lawmakers are promising. Here's why: True
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day True
Theresa May’s assumption of absolute power over Brexit spells disaster | Polly Toynbee False
#ICYMI: Donald Trump revokes guidelines on transgender bathrooms in schools False
The Chris Martin tribute to George Michael that had everyone in tears at the Brits True
After Trump's news conference, Stephen Colbert brought a carving knife and Jimmy Fallon brought a butter knife False
18 things you understand if you love yourself but also hate yourself False
Are These Foods Actually Hipster Or Not? True
China exceeded U.N. cap on North Korean coal imports in December False
The fruits of their noble compassion. True
JUST IN: Trump administration reverses transgender bathroom guidance. False
Top students more likely to smoke pot, drink alcohol, study says False
.@SenSchumer: GOP Lawmakers Have 'Real Problems' With Trump, Will 'Break' Away False
Shaq compares relationship between Westbrook and Durant to his free agency with Magic False
Horrifying cat image generator turns your doodles into super weird pictures False
Sorry haters, Instagram albums are really happening False
Top Trump aide calls Guantanamo Bay "an incredibly important intelligence asset." False
The world’s most famous porn star just launched into a vitriolic anti-Muslim rant True
Pharmacist fights for licence after fake Viagra found at Sydney Children's Hospital False
MLB commissioner will keep pursuing ways to speed up game — even if union objects False
Air Force faces pilot shortage, but training is a challenge   via @RayBogan  #FOXNewsUS False
The best places to retire without a car: True
Utah has reportedly expressed interest in bringing back Deron Williams via trade False
Scott Pruitt went after critics and his own staff in his first speech to the EPA False
Rumor has it @1future's dropping ANOTHER album this week. 

Does this dude ever sleep? False
Church's Jesus Statue Beheaded for 2nd Time; Jewish Cemetery Vandalized False
Katy Perry took a selfie in an Infinity Mirror room. Should you do it too? False
Milo Yiannopoulos's pedophilia comments put many conservatives in a deeply uncomfortable position False
“Anti-Semitism is horrible and it’s going to stop,” President Trump tells NBC News’ @craigmelvin False
Hermann Rorschach's famous inkblots are now helping fix blindness. False
Vitaly Churkin, the Russian ambassador to the UN, died on Monday morning while at work in Manhattan False
The "entrepreneur with an #Audi A4" got more than 2,000 applications for his #valentine proposal! False
"La La Land" has Hollywood singing a different tune about musicals False
Autopsy on Kim Jong Un's half-brother finds no sign of heart attack or puncture wounds False
Council funding freeze 'means cuts to many essential services' False
Pilot and 4 American tourists die when plane crashes into shopping mall in Melbourne False
OracleVoice: GE Digital: Beyond a 'cartoonish version' of the internet of things False
Tornadoes, storms damage dozens of homes in San Antonio area False
50 Shades of Phoenix: Arizona gov candidate spills spicy sex life details   via @AdamShawNY False
The world's first rotating, shape-shifting tower is being planned for Dubai False
California immigrant families brace for the possibility of sudden deportation: False
21 things you’ll only get if you’re slightly obsessed with true crime True
Kim Jong-Un’s brother seen on CCTV telling airport staff he has just been poisoned False
Watergate reporter Carl Bernstein: Trump’s attacks on the press are more dangerous than Nixon’s False
Woman jumps out of vehicle and onto the back of man attacking police officer, cops say False
#Contra turns 30 today! False
'Texting during meals is the start of war,' says the Pope False
China's latest robot police officer can recognise faces False
#KanganaRanaut called #KaranJohar the flag-bearer of nepotism in #Bollywood, the movie mafia. False
40 celebrity pixie cuts so good you'll want to go for it True
Lingering baby weight? A new study suggests the pregnancy might not be to blame: False
Close encounter with a hare – a rare sight in the West Country False
Papua New Guinea protesters angry about unpaid royalties picket LNG plant near Port Moresby False
"The New York Times has run two stories... both stories clearly say that there is no evidence." True
People in Chicago, Oregon and Boston protest against Trump ahead of President's Day False
Yale University Group Seeks to Allow Women into All-Male Fraternities False
As his rally in Florida yesterday, @POTUS invoked unity near the close of his remarks. False
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis distances himself from Pres. Trump's media bashing: False
Britain is sending stress balls to American scientists worried about Donald Trump False
Gay Talese on his enduring sense of wonder: False
Shump to the T-Wolves? 

Minnesota is reportedly interested in acquiring the Cavs guard False
'Blind Sheikh' linked to 1993 World Trade Center bombing dies in US federal prison False
Paris rioters clash with police during protest against the 'rape of a black man by a cop' False
Emily Ratajkowski: slut-shaming Melania Trump isn't OK, regardless of your politics False
This tiny camera could give micro-drones some amazing abilities  via @NBCNewsMACH False
US aircraft carriers have begun #SouthChinaSea patrols amid growing tensions with Beijing over disputed waterway False
Is this the 'master switch' that prevents Parkinson's disease? True
Human computers False
The rivalry is real.

UNC fan trolls Duke and former star Kyrie Irving False
2000 Vince Carter: Dunk Contest 🐐? 
Relive Vinsanity and decide for yourself False
Why attitude is a better predictor of success than IQ: False
15 Leslie Knope quotes to chant in the mirror when the patriarchy’s got you down False
A record number of poor kids are eating breakfast — thanks to a program many conservatives hate True
Detectives have found new avenues of work in #politics False
Experts say the U.S. economy and workforce would be a "disaster" without immigrants False
Watch Larry Wilmore tell Milo Yiannopoulos 'Go F**k Yourself' on @RealTimers. False
Yahoo gets caller ID in the most #tbt app update ever False
Belgium train crash: Several hurt in Leuven derailment False
A growing number of traditional Christians are creating their own small communities built on faith False
Dedication. True
Saudi Arabia goes on the offensive with military spending as tensions with Iran increase False
.@sonamakapoor's vacation pictures from #Austria False
John Glenn's widow turns 97, says she misses him 'terribly' False
People reveal the creepiest things that have ever happened to them True
Ivanka Trump's perfume is a big winner on Amazon False
The enterprise tech IPO season is finally about to begin as @MuleSoft files for its IPO False
The White House said that an AP report claiming the use of the National Guard as a deportation force was false False
France vows to retaliate if Russia meddles in its elections after American intelligence False
Draymond Green clarifies comments on James Dolan’s “slave-owner mentality” False
Friend of San Bernardino attacker pleads guilty to providing guns False
Pinned to the ground, a Florida deputy begged a passerby to shoot his attacker False
6 celebrities who have embraced Donald Trump as our president True
Days after 9/11, Kevin Feinberg and Tracy Garrison had a decision to make. Should they still get married? False
Have something you wish you could text your ex? Add it to this viral list. True
Sky jam True
An American who channels President Trump in the ring becomes Mexico’s biggest wrestling villain True
Why this pastor believes American Girl’s boy doll is "a trick of the enemy" True
NASA picks winner of Space Poop Challenge  via @NBCNewsMACH False
"What have congressional Republicans been doing? Scrapbooking?" True
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day True
ICYMI: Vince Young hopes to play football again. False
Here comes Philly Fed... True
Charging your phone at a café? You may have to pay for it False
Air France wants to boost passenger capacity to gain momentum on the long-haul market False
Could a planet like Coruscant from Star Wars exist? True
In other words: Keep 'em coming, snowflakes! True
What happens if you don't file your tax return?  via @YahooFinance True
Tips and tricks for how to have an authentic experience on every vacation True
Broad Institute scientist prevails in epic patent fight over CRISPR False
Watch these bodies bending sound in the Guggenheim Museum's rotunda  #Daily360 False
Fed chief Yellen defends body's actions from House GOP criticism False
Floyd Mayweather would school Conor McGregor in the ring False
Want to boycott Trump-friendly companies? There's an app for that: True
A sex therapist explains why you're not having fantastic sex True
Rachel Matthews: Sorry, no refunds... why do men think they should get their money back after a bad date? True
"People with disabilities matter. I’m taking back my power and I want President Trump to know it." via @nytopinion False
Iraqi civilians in west Mosul are eating once a day and bracing for worse False
Eurovision 2017: Ukraine warned show must go on as organising team quits False
London’s commuters have been tracked, and this is what we learned True
Arrest of 'dreamer' immigrant could be first under Trump administration to defy DACA. False
Chicago "sanctuary church" shelters immigrants, endures hate speech False
'Black Love Power' combats Google's racist search results for 'Couples in Love' False
Underwater Photographer of the Year 2017 False
Apple's new partnership hints at wireless charging for the iPhone 8 False
Breaking News: The nearly 40-year case of Etan Patz, the first missing child shown on a milk carton, is solved False
BREAKING: Kevin Love will reportedly undergo knee surgery and miss six weeks False
Report: White House reporter accuses Pres. Trump's aide Omarosa Manigault of bullying her False
Green signal for the people of #Delhi, as #Ola, #uber driver strike called off partially. #DelhiCabStrike False
Mitsubishi Heavy IndustriesVoice: 3 Japanese business practices for an age of disruption True
Four snowboarders killed in avalanche near the French Alps resort of Tignes, officials say. False
Bye bye Bao Bao! America’s favorite panda is traveling to China False
Donald Trump's tweets reimagined as an early '00s emo song True
Donald Trump appears to gatecrash Mar-a-Lago wedding after North Korea missile statement False
Which 2017 #GRAMMYs performance was your favorite? Vote! False
One of the best threads in recent memory. True
Hamas puts militant Yahya Sinwar in charge of Gaza, indicating the growing influence of the group’s armed wing False
Deadly blast at Lahore protest rally False
Katy Perry joked about Britney Spears' mental health and people are furious False
Singer Joy Villa makes a political statement with her Donald Trump dress at the Grammys False
This fashion line is changing how we define nude  via @YahooStyle False
Drake congratulates @ChanceTheRapper on his first #Grammys award False
Northeast braces for another blast of heavy snow and high winds  #FoxNewsUS False
IMF’s stand on Greek bailout unnerves Europe False
Penn State calls posters urging people to report those in country illegally "deeply offensive" False
Alec Baldwin lampooned Donald Trump once more with his SNL impersonation False
Watch Ed Sheeran love the "Shape of You" on #SNL False
Venezuela now leads US asylum requests as crisis deepens False
Emirates says a flight was delayed for 6+ hours over a spare part spat with Delta False
Evidence for one of the most bizarre theories about Trump is mounting True
Watch @edsheeran perform "Shape of You" on #SNL. False
WATCH LIVE: President Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Abe hold joint news conference False
These are the telltale signs that someone's a populist True
Grammy Awards are made of a custom metal alloy called grammium. Yes, really. False
Whoa! True
A black man accused French police of raping him. Police claim it was an accident. False
“Teamsters throughout North America are united to fight Kellogg’s attack for as long as it takes.” False
Japanese manga artist Jiro Taniguchi dies aged 69 False
"We want to make it much easier to do business in America, and that’s what we’re going to do." True
Who should win the #Grammy for album of the year? Vote! True
The internet bands together to help Chrissy Teigen get Fun Dip off her hands False
Taika Waititi to co-direct Michael Jackson movie "Bubbles" False
Al Franken to Maher: GOP senators privately express ‘great concern’ about Trump’s temperament False
Jonny Dymond tracks President Trump's third week False
Sub-prime cars: are car loans driving us towards the next financial crash? True
Hawaii may be breaking law by allowing foreign men to fish False
Snakes are having a ball at this #Bengaluru #Football stadium True
#Truck blown over by powerful gust of wind in US True
U.S. federal immigration agents arrested hundreds of undocumented immigrants in at least four states False
Trump revives voter fraud claims in lunch with senators False
Visa crackdown leaves these rural doctors with an uncertain future False
oh no True
Sabrina Carpenter (@SabrinaAnnLynn) hosts a one-take subway dance party in new #ThumbsMusicVideo 👍👍 False
24 beautifully stunning models who aren’t Kendall Jenner True
Five years ago today, @JLin7 lit up the Lakers.

For Asian-Americans across the nation, he did much more than that. False
Kevin Durant vs. Russell Westbrook? Think again: It’s Steph Curry time, says @erikmal False
There’s a scientific way to leave work frustrations at the office True
11 #ValentinesDay cards to help you say "Bae Mine" True
How to get the most money back if your flight gets canceled False
New report claims the iPhone 8 cost more than £800 False
Has the 12th Dead Sea Scrolls cave been found? True
Can you tell how many zebras are in this photograph? You'll need to look very closely... False
Delia Smith’s recipe for creme caramel – what could go wrong? | Stephen Bush True
Cambridge student filmed burning cash in front of homeless man False
Only Johnny Manziel could conduct an illegal workout with a CFL team True
How Popular Are Your Emo Opinions? True
Illinois teacher creates tennis ball chair to help students with autism with sensory issues. False
This woman claims to have the most Tinder matches!

5,400 to be exact: True
A blow-by-blow account of Charles Oakley getting dragged out of Madison Square Garden: False
Lawyer accused of violently beating boys in the 1970s and 80s is stripped of his South African church role False
President Trump, Canadian PM Trudeau will focus on lifting the fortunes of the middle class in meeting Monday False
What did he mean by this? True
"I'm not going in there acting like I'm going to be praised, I know how it's going to be."

KD is prepared for OKC. False
RAF jets scrambled to intercept Russian bombers False
Report says Russia views NATO moves in Eastern Europe as a threat False
Sean Spicer says Pres. Trump had 'every right' to defend Ivanka Trump about Nordstrom. False
Roots review: this remake is brutal and harrowing – but it needs to be True
Elon Musk hopes to bring Tesla to India "this year," but he might face several challenges False
Why waking up in the night is natural True
We spend 47% of our waking moments thinking about something other than what we're doing True
Melania Trump hires a White House social secretary False
'A big-hearted optimist': Hans Rosling tributes pour in on social media False
Security expert says hackers can attack your device via dozens of popular iOS apps False
The truth about 'Three Men and a Baby' ghost True
Tyga's apparently being sued for telling his crew to beat up a process server. False
9 up-and-coming healthy fast food chains that should scare McDonald's True
Republican statesmen propose replacing Obama’s climate plans with a carbon tax False
European debt crisis: It's not just Greece that's drowning in debt True
Raiders' Kelechi Osemele clowns on Derek Carr #ToyStory 😂 False
High school basketball star LaMelo Ball dropped 92 points in a game on Tuesday night. False
Idaho judge says rape is 'a direct consequence of the social media system' False
The epic showdown over presidential power and American identity False
We’re exactly 1 year away from the start of the PyeongChang 2018 #WinterOlympics! #1YearToGo False
92% of left-wing activists live with their parents and one in three is unemployed, study of Berlin protesters finds False
Kylie Minogue and Kylie Jenner trademark battle resolved False
Amazon's giant robot-staffed supermarkets may only employ three humans per store False
Trump administration will grant final permit for Dakota Access Pipeline: False
&gt;On Twitter
So your agent isn't even gonna try to set this up, huh True
Telegraph View: John Bercow should see that he is part of the problem, not the solution False
Opposition to President Trump isn't just coming from Democrats or judges -- it's coming from corporate America False
Could you pass Year 10 science? Give our quiz a crack to see if you can still hack it as a high-school prodigy True
Watch @Wale &amp; @LilTunechi team up for "Running Back" video False
Ed Sheeran returns to the top of the #Hot100 False
The Kylie Minogue Vs Kylie Jenner trademark stoush has a winner False
A growing number of officials in Germany are asking whether they need a Plan B for a post-American Europe False
10 things in tech you need to know today  by @BIUK False
The flight attendant #rescued a teenage girl from being #trafficked after she spotted the girl looking “dishevelled” False
Is a vegetarian diet really more environmentally friendly than eating meat? False
Israel's parliament retroactively legalizes thousands of West Bank settlement homes: False
“You want to build a f—king wall?” False
JUST IN: Justice Department asks appeals court to restore Trump travel ban False
#Catalans protest in support of independence leaders on trial in #Barcelona (pic: AP) False
Drake spoke out against President Trump last night during a concert False
Bill Belichick ripped 'insulting' comments that suggested Tom Brady worked harder this year False
👟 @Chris_Stamp teases another Stampd collab with @KithSet False
No handshake or hug, but Tom Brady and Roger Goodell still effectively bury Deflategate False
Opposition to Trump travel ban grows as key court decision looms False
France election: Fillon 'to fight on despite payment row' False
Consumer-products giant Newell Brands looks to the web as traffic to malls slumps False
Oil trades near $54 as rising U.S. drilling offsets tension with Iran False
Lady Gaga opens Super Bowl LI halftime show with tribute to America: False
Senior U.S. diplomats and security officials say Trump's travel ban makes America less safe False
Lady Gaga went for one big, glittering, diverse party with her Super Bowl halftime show False
Patriots complete biggest comeback in Super Bowl history, win fifth title False
Photos: The Falcons' defense has the Patriots reeling False
Here are the five factors that will determine the outcome of the Super Bowl  #SuperBowl True
Trump: 'If something happens blame' the judge True
The $1 million Super Bowl "Marijuana Mansion" party was canceled over L.A. stop-work order. False
Billboard 200: @Migos earns first No. 1 album with 'Culture' False
One quarter of Americans believe God will intervene in the Super Bowl, survey says False
Melissa McCarthy makes a better Sean Spicer than Sean Spicer on 'SNL' False
A drone was caught flying over the Falcons' practice, because of course it was. False
Researchers call for safety tests on herbal supplements #health (Pic: Flickr) 💊 False
Tom Brady says Bill Belichick has 'brainwashed' the Patriots into a well-oiled machine False
This New England Patriots player is proud to be called a nerd (@ReadWithMalcolm) True
#Traffic congestion on #Delhi roads costs around $10 billion or about Rs 60,000 crore annually. False
"She is not a terrorist": Iranian baby caught in travel ban is granted entry for heart surgery False
French female politician at centre of Ukip funding probe moves into Nigel Farage's London home False
She’s 59 and fit to jump from an airplane False
JUST IN: Iran lifts ban preventing US wrestlers from attending tournament later this month, False
CargillVoice: In India's burgeoning 'corn bowl,' technology and optimism are all the rage False
'The Lego Batman Movie' is a total pop-culture buffet False
Trump appeal against travel ban ruling False
'Terrible' decision?: US agencies, airlines dash to respond to judge's immigration ruling False
Lady Gaga has dropped hints about her Super Bowl performance. Here’s what we know and don’t know. True
Why we should ALL be following the Scandi lifestyle for a happy, healthier life True
Floella Benjamin: ‘The Queen gave me a masterclass in people skills’ False
President Trump’s pick for Army secretary, Vincent Viola, dropped out False
Fatal overdoses from fentanyl sold as cocaine detailed in harrowing CDC report. False
Patriots owner Bob Kraft explains why he's loyal to Trump  via @YahooSports False
Federal judge temporarily blocks Donald Trump's travel ban False
Pentagon strikes new F-35 deal with Lockheed after Trump involvement False
US federal judge rules temporary nationwide restraining order, blocking @realDonaldTrump's #travelban  #immigration False
Review ordered into prosecution of British soldiers over teenager's death amid fears evidence tainted by Phil Shiner False
Amazon employees are trying to force the company to cut ties with Breitbart False
At least 1,354 refugees and migrants drowned this winter, UNICEF says, a record number. False
In opposing President Trump, Kirsten Gillibrand is becoming a heroine of the left False
A contestant on The Jump has already been forced to quit after being injured False
😍😍😍🔨🔨🔨 True
A man holding a #machete was shot and injured by #security forces at the world-famous #Louvre museum in #Paris False
17 dogs who are very, very good dogs False
How entrepreneurs can build a better power network, one dinner at a time True
Ice up, son!

Steve Smith joins NFL Network as analyst False
The European countries where huge amounts of the population have moved False
"Groundhog Day" is coming to Broadway in six weeks, coincidentally False
KS Man Wins Super Bowl Tickets for Life After Finding Golden Bud Light Can False
Trump should note even a superpower needs friends sometimes False
Arnold Schwarzenegger fires back at Trump jab: How about 'I take over your job'? False
Now that national signing day is over, it's time to break down the 10 biggest takeaways True
JUST IN: Delaware correction employee found dead after hostage situation inside state prison False
More than 1,000 German police officers raided homes, offices and mosques on Wednesday. Only one person was arrested. False
Trump, Australian PM Turnbull reportedly have tense phone call over Muslim refugees False
Right to be forgotten online suffers setback after Japan court ruling False
Twenty-two Pittsburgh grade schools closed over drinking water problem. False
Tamron Hall leaves "Today" show and NBC False
.@oreillyfactor: Democrats’ blind opposition to Trump is ‘harmful to America’ False
Trump tells Pena Nieto he might send troops to Mexico to deal with "bad hombres" False
Blackstone will spend $500 million remaking Chicago’s Willis Tower False
Roughly 100,000 people in Pittsburgh were unable to drink their tap water Wednesday without boiling it first False
Student creates enormous 'Simpsons' portrait on his college's wintry lawn True
.@NancyPelosi to Fellow Dem Lawmaker at Protest: 'Tell Them You're a Muslim' False
Carlos in danger. True
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are releasing a kids clothing line False
In Corporate America, uncertainty overtakes early optimism about Trump False
Israeli forces begin evacuation of West Bank outpost as residents barricade in their homes False
EU mobile phone roaming cost-cuts 'a step closer' False
Tooth infection leads to 26-year-old California dad's death False
#Budget2017: Markets Muted  @WSJIndia False
Gonna be a more jocular CPAC this year. False
Nearly $1 million raised to help rebuild Texas mosque False
Poll: 49% of Americans agree with Trump's immigration ban False
Both of Pres. Trump's Supreme Court "finalists" will be at White House for announcement False
Amber Rudd: Trump travel ban a 'propaganda opportunity' for Isis False
The establishment is pushing back against President Trump, creating a palpable air of uncertainty and chaos False
EU leader declares Trump a "threat" to European Union False
Czech foreign ministry emails breached by hackers possibly working for a foreign state False
Trump administration says it will keep LGBTQ protections False
President Trump's Supreme Court pick marks the end of one battle, and the start of a new one False
Lawyer's murder likely intended to 'destabilise' #Myanmar, President's office says False
Theresa May stands firm on Donald Trump state visit as thousands protest False
Surprise! Ben Affleck isn't directing the new Batman movie after all. False
State Dept. Officials Should Quit if They Disagree with Trump, White House Warns False
The unstable lifestyle of military families just isn't sustainable anymore: False
Iran carries out ballistic missile test in violation of UN resolution False
Shocked by Donald Trump's 'travel ban'? Israel has had a similar policy for decades False
Police in #Quebec now investigating a "lone wolf" after shooting at mosque False
Obama says Trump's Muslim travel ban is threatening 'American values' False
A $31.6 billion hedge fund wants to overhaul laws meant to prevent another financial crisis False
Trump is doing exactly what he said he would: dehumanizing Muslims False
Whoopsie! True
.@RobGronkowski is changing the game with his sleeveless shirts @tide 

🎥 False
These are the best and worst college towns in America True
Second body found in search for missing Missouri woman False
Beautifying Baghdad True
What’s happening with Trump’s cabinet this week True
Trump's economic scorecard: follow along with his progress False
This 'Hidden Figures' cosplay is the cutest True
Child labour is keeping North Korea's elite ski resort open False
CEOs are speaking out against Trump's immigration ban False
An Iranian director whose film is nominated for an Oscar said he won't attend because of Trump's immigration ban False
Lyft pledges $1 million ACLU donation in response to Trump's #MuslimBan False
West Ham agree £25m fee with Marseille for Dimitri Payet  via @guardian_sport False
Floyd Mayweather feeds the fire when asked about potential fight with Conor McGregor. False
Police ease rules on tattoos, turbans, beards False
New Mexico politician insists domestic violence jokes about the #WomensMarch are just fine False
Scottish higher education should be for all, not the gilded few | Kevin McKenna False
Many Japanese Look for a Shift to Female Heirs to Throne False
How cloud technology will completely change the $32 billion PC gaming industry: False
BURN True
Trump fields calls from several foreign leaders, including Putin and Merkel False
"This could be the match people use to decide who really is the greatest of all time."

Roger vs. Rafa, 3 a.m. ET: False
The GOP has made little tangible progress on an Obamacare repeal strategy False
Off the hook - @ChrisChristie not facing charges in Bridgegate. False
Here’s what you need to know about the 2017 tax refund delays True
People can’t deal with this cute toddler and her #WomensMarch sign False
David Tennant lists 6 key things that'll (hopefully) make everything OK True
Bill Richardson: For negotiating tips, Trump should read ‘Art of the Deal’  via @PostEverything False
It's a medical mystery: A cluster of patients in Massachusetts were struck with rare amnesia False
#AbhinavBindra joined the re-constituted #TargetOlympicPodium (TOP) committee, as its chairman False
MEET THE NEW EXECUTIVE BRANCH: Here's who Trump has appointed to senior leadership positions False
The Atlantic alliance has been renewed and revived #premium False
Absolut Vodka is hiring a 'billion dollar nose' and it could be yours False
Radio 2 takes 'horrible' decision to replace Britain's oldest DJ Brian Matthew on Sounds of the 60s False
The "pros" don't know there already is a literal shooting war happening at the border. False
Post-election enthusiasm in the equity market is showing up through options trading False
Who can stop executive orders? True
WATCH NOW: Kellyanne Conway speaks at #MarchForLife rally in Washington, D.C. False
Reports: Allman Brothers' Butch Trucks committed suicide in front of his wife False
There are more students at elite US colleges from the top 1% than the bottom 50% False
The US economy slowed in the fourth quarter. For all of 2016, growth was 1.6%, the weakest since 2011 False
Massive attendance at March for Life could extend crowd size chatter: False
All we want is for our children to be happy, so why are we making them so anxious?

#Premium False
.@3doorsdown &amp; @TobyKeithMusic enjoy #Billboard200 chart spikes after the Trump Inauguration concert False
Text messages sent from car trunk helps police locate kidnapped N.C. woman False
U.S. Border Patrol chief will leave the agency days after Trump announced plans to increase the number of agents False
Can We Guess If You’re Into Butt Stuff Based On Some Weird Questions? True
.@BillboardDance Chart Upstarts: Miss Tara, Yellow Claw &amp; Grey False
Court: 'K-19: The Widowmaker' sub must be removed from river False
Georgia police chief to apologize for 1940 lynching False
It's never too early to start planning for retirement: True
Woman enlists dog, great pair of glasses to announce pregnancy False
How a blockbuster Verizon-Charter combination could shake up the TV business True
GOP leaders to fork over $12B for border wall  via @YahooNews False
Will Matt Ryan's redemption season end with a Lombardi Trophy? False
Tom Hardy is returning to CBeebies on Valentines Day for another bedtime story False
Opinions: What’s the method in Trump’s madness? True
Abuse of baby 'could have been identified earlier by medical staff' False
Revealed: The 138 word bill that will give Theresa May the power to trigger #Brexit True
Texas city's mayor weighs in on "offensive" border wall plan False
Man arrested at his 27th wife's home after a complaint by his 25th wife False
You can't riot while you're working and expect your pass to protect you  via @fxnopinion False
UK economy grows more than expected in final quarter of 2016 False
Northern Territory turns out to commemorate #AustraliaDay False
The process gets a bit nerdy, but it’s not rocket science: True
Sanctuary cities dig in after Trump executive order False
Don't wear a miniskirt in Uganda and NEVER dance publicly in Saudi Arabia False
Here's How @POTUS Could Make Mexico Pay for the Border Wall True
Government reported to be planning to nationalise Southern rail franchise False
Trump at DHS: “A nation without borders is not a nation. Beginning today, the US gets back control of its borders.” False
#Hottest100 hopes for @TASHSULTANAA after being named @triplej Unearthed Artist Of The Year False
19 actual tweets from White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer True
At their annual retreat, Hill Republicans want answers. Will Trump give them? False
The Brexit exodus has already started, MPs warned False
Usain Bolt just lost 1 of his 9 Olympic gold medals False
The sky's the limit for Alabama commit Najee Harris, @TDsTake writes False
After a childhood of obesity and homelessness, Caleb Swanigan is now one of college basketball's best players: False
Buildings collapsing in snow-covered West True
Airliner causes rare #fallstreak hole in clouds above South Australia's Riverland False
People in Norway are trying to give Finland a mountain for its birthday False
Snapchat's plan to set itself apart True
True Blue. True
Outspoken Brexit critic Martin Schulz set to take on Angela Merkel in German elections False
DNC chair candidate wants to 'shut other white people down' False
#TelegraphLetters: Deadly roast potatoes are just the latest unnecessary health scare False
The biggest #OscarNoms snubs and surprises  via @TODAYshow False
Venus stays winning.

She became the oldest woman to reach the #AusOpen's final four with Monday's straight-set win: False
The UK #SupremeCourt's ruling may put the brakes on #Brexit, but it won't prevent it: Analysis from @SteveCannane False
Is Trump ready for war in the South China Sea, or is his team just not being clear? False
In his SNL monologue, Aziz Ansari lampooned President Trump as “the Chris Brown of politics” False
English-language readers get a chance to judge a classic Dutch novel 70 years after it was first published False
IBMVoice: Here are the top five trends to watch for in the Internet of Things during 2017 True
Twitter glitch made 560,000 people follow Trump's @POTUS account   via @fxnscitech False
Check out these great moments in roomfuls of men legislating women's bodies True
The xx scores highest charting album ever on the #Billboard200 False
WATCH LIVE: Senate debates Mike Pompeo's nomination as CIA director False
Our 2017 Tax Guide is here: True
Brothers jailed for trafficking people from Poland to work at Sports Direct True
Super Bowl LI odds: Atlanta Falcons open as 3-point underdogs to the New England Patriots False
Australia rides global protectionist wave by tightening scrutiny of overseas deals False
President Trump promises a busy 'day one' on Monday: False
Madonna says profanity-laced speech was 'taken wildly out of context' False
Manus Island asylum seeker charged with raping local woman False
Everyday Americans share Women's March stories  via @YahooNews False
Samsung confirms faulty batteries as cause of Galaxy Note 7 fires. False
Samsung Galaxy Note 7 investigation findings reveal two major battery problems False
5 times @Madonna was a badass &amp; said exactly what she was thinking True
Government 'tried to bury' its own alarming report on climate change False
Democrats are pondering how to use weekend’s marches to build sustained challenge to Trump False
U.S. and U.K. GDP, Japan consumer prices — Global Economy Week Ahead: False
People who’ve had multiple marriages confess how they REALLY feel about their divorces True
Trump's plan to reopen Nafta will dominate Trudeau's cabinet retreat in Calgary this week False
Haunting images reveal crumbling remains of a 152-year-old prison built to hang criminals False
France election: Socialists vote for presidential nominee False
Meet the top leaders, inventors and entrepreneurs of tomorrow:  #ForbesU30Europe False
'Catastrophe' is declared in Chile as forest fires burn out of control False
How a Rust Belt teenager feels about the future under Donald Trump False
Day after Trump sworn in, hundreds of thousands protest presidency False
Hugh Jackman says 'Logan' is in a different universe from other X-Men movies: False
Kate Hudson's brother posts hilarious response to Brad Pitt rumours True
Donald Trump brings gold curtains, Winston Churchill bust into the Oval Office False
White House petition to release "Donald Trump’s full tax returns" gains traction online False
.@SallieKrawcheck offers her advice on what women can do to succeed True
Images emerge of protesters on crowded subways in Washington DC amid Women's March False
1940s: Escaping the summer heat at Cape Cod's Provincetown False
Mermaid Instructor? Canine Masseuse? The oddest hotel jobs in the world True
The #WomensMarch is underway, here's how to watch: True
Jackie and Split: this week’s best new films in the UK False
How a Rust Belt teenager feels about the future under Donald Trump True
This Texas gun owner has been an NRA member for 46 years. Now he's speaking out. False
We're following along with #WomensMarch in cities around the world today. Live updates: False
If you were following @POTUS when it was Obama, you're still following it now that it's Trump (unless you opt out) False
Trump's first day as president brought out thousands of protesters: False
Gen. James Mattis becomes first Trump nominee confirmed by Senate in overwhelming vote False
BBC uses subtitles taken from children's show during live coverage of Trump being sworn in as President False
A group of moms says the Girl Scouts' newest cookie rejects science False
President Donald Trump undermined democracy the moment he was sworn in False
Big Sean teases #SNL debut in promo with Aziz Ansari &amp; Kate McKinnon False
Donald Trump gives his Jim Halpert impression a try at inauguration False
A new concert hall for London? The artistic case is clear, the political one less so False
Stephen Colbert brings back his 'Colbert Report' alter-ego for Obama send-off False
Four writers explain why they’re speaking out against Donald Trump this weekend False
Fans weren't the only ones upset about Russell Westbrook's All-Star snub. False
Here's a look back at 100 moments from Obama's presidency True
.@thenumberfest 2017 lineup includes Young Thug, Jauz, Louis The Child &amp; more (exclusive) False
Was ending the search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 justified? False
.@JudasPriest shares live 1986 track from "Turbo" 30th anniversary edition (exclusive) False
There will be no one in charge of America’s nuclear arsenal when Trump takes office False
Donald Trump's inauguration summed up in two tweets False
Paul McCartney is suing Sony for the rights to his own Beatles songs False
Pence: Commuting Chelsea Manning's sentence 'was a mistake' False
Aliens, psychic powers and invisible ink: 9 incredible things we learnt from the CIA's declassified documents True
House Speaker Paul Ryan hopes White House will be 'tempering agent' for Donald Trump. False
Man loses multiple teeth in apparent E-cigarette explosion (warning: disturbing images) False
Caitlyn Jenner to attend Donald Trump inauguration False
Fired Ohio State band director drops all claims in sexism dispute False
CBS affiliate reignites debunked Pizzagate conspiracy theory False
Moving vans spotted outside the Obama family’s new D.C. home False
Zaza the enforcer?

🎥: True
People are dumping shared bikes in horrible piles True
🚨 NEW MUSIC ALERT 🚨 

Listen to @BigSean's new track "Halfway Off the Balcony" --&gt; False
Who will design Melania Trump’s inaugural ball gown?  via @YahooStyle True
Virus lottery: What could be next epidemic? True
Drugmaker fined $100M after being accused of slowly hiking price 85,000% for life-saving medication to treat infants False
Protester attempts to set himself on fire outside "Dictator" Trump's D.C. hotel False
President Barack Obama says the press is needed for democracy to work False
Police are ready to blast drones out of the sky False
Kerry Washington says #Scandal had to rewrite Russian hacking plot line  via @YahooTV False
.@BarackObama defends slashing Manning sentence for leaking secrets False
People remember their birth language even if they haven't had the chance to speak it False
President-elect Trump is out of step with both science and public opinion on climate change False
"Mammograms deserve more skepticism"  via @PostOpinions False
Glam room for celebs will run you about $50,000  via @YahooStyle False
In a speech in Davos, China’s Xi Jinping defends globalization. "No one will emerge as a winner in a trade war" False
Man posed as Justin Bieber online to extort nude photos False
Thieves try to escape from cops by using a shortcut… only to discover it leads to the police station False
Here are the sanctions Donald Trump could roll back in a deal with Russia True
Sutton’s Maxime Biamou and Dan Fitchett strike late to stun Wimbledon in FA Cup  via @guardian_sport False
People don’t forget 😌

Ben Boulware’s national championship tattoo location is fitting False
Jose Bautista reportedly agrees to re-sign with Blue Jays for one year with mutual option False
If you ask Chelsea Handler, the Kardashians are responsible for Trump's election True
General Mills turns to kale chips to boost growth False
There was danger to her life due to an abnormality in the foetus True
18 million would lose insurance in first year of Obamacare repeal without replacement, CBO report says False
Republican lawmakers are frustrated Pres.-elect Trump is emphasizing "insurance for everybody," GOP sources tell CNN False
"I'm all right. I'm a football player."

LeBron James on that Draymond Green foul: False
The IPO Class of 2017: Snap's much-anticipated filing could kick off a banner year False
Berlusconi ally poised to become next European parliament chief False
Love to the rescue True
The postal service is one of the largest civilian fleets in the world. False
Australian family rescued after night on Japan mountain False
Most popular states retirees move to True
Because of student debt, millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs False
Trump labor pick Andrew Puzder has voiced second thoughts about nomination, sources tell CNN False
Prannoy had a great run in Premier Badminton League False
On Aaliyah's 38th birthday, here's a look at her lasting impression on style False
Five people injured after an unknown explosion in Manchester blew the roof off this house and caused it to collapse False
.@ThisIsRobThomas shows his "smooth" side in performance for new series of #FrontAndCenter False
A sleep doctor reveals what you can do to fall asleep faster True
#Shocking This school didn't bother to take a child bleeding for 30 mins to the hospital True
How the dinosaurs REALLY died out True
Staff at Chinese tech firm are told to simulate sex acts on colleagues at company event False
Will 'masala' bonds spice up the Indian economy? True
The Royal Navy is facing its heaviest Russian activity since the Cold War, says First Sea Lord False
CIA Director Brennan: Trump should develop 'appreciation' for intel community False
Former WWE wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dead at age 73 False
Trump to fire army commander charged with inauguration safety halfway through the ceremony False
Teen allegedly kidnapped as an infant reunites with parents, 18 years later False
French newspaper releases the terrifying police report from Kim Kardashian's Paris robbery. True
There's a way to get rid of President Trump without impeaching him, and it's called the 25th Amendment False
Republican cancer survivor tells Paul Ryan he “would be dead” without Obama False
Donald Trump to hold talks with Vladimir Putin 'within weeks' False
Five ways to store your bike in style True
A brief history of exercise equipment (or why trying to stay fit may be futile) True
Hungarian camerawoman sentenced for kicking, tripping refugees False
Beijing replies to Trump: 'One China' policy is non-negotiable False
10 health trends you should probably ditch in 2017 True
To help business save the planet, stop asking for plates at restaurants. False
White women have launched the worst anti-Trump t-shirt yet True
The market Les Halles long operated in almost total darkness—reminding us not to rely on vision alone False
Florida man accused of repeated sexual assault of pit bull False
President Obama gives final Weekly Address: "We can’t take our democracy for granted" False
Premiering Monday at 7p ET: @MarthaMacCallum hosts 'The First 100 Days' #First100 False
Mexico warns Trump on tariffs: We'll respond 'immediately' False
Fraudster who sold 'vulnerable' friend's £200,000 home jailed for six years False
They go low. True
"And they used this kind of street thuggery to stop the exchange of ideas and to prevent those that have merit..." True
A father confused liquid nicotine for medicine — and gave his 6-year-old a toxic dose False
Sneakerheads, rejoice.

The retro LeBrons are about to be a real thing: False
China's Zhou Youguang, father of Pinyin writing system, dies aged 111 False
Fox greenlights “Love Connection” reboot with Andy Cohen: False
He scored 1600/1600 in #SAT &amp; 36/36 in ACT. He wants to become the Finance Minister of India someday. True
Lower back issues can make your life a living hell but #yoga has a permanent solution for it True
Chaffetz calls on ethics head to testify day after chief criticized Trump False
Someone found an old TV show with a con man named Trump who wanted to build a wall False
These award-winning photos show planet Earth in ways you've never seen it True
Why I am confident enough to pre-order a Nintendo Switch True
The Answer met Kristaps Porzingis last night and showed the young star some love

🎥 False
Here's a peek at Disney's first Marvel-themed ride False
Gina Rodriguez reminds us fierceness has nothing to do with size False
Bank of America boosts buyback program False
Sky pulls broadcast of show that cast white actor as Michael Jackson False
Trump nemesis Rosie O’Donnell calls for martial law  via @YahooNews False
There was plenty at steak in this Swiss meat smuggling case True
Family of 10-year-old boy killed in horrific water slide accident settles with park’s owner False
UK failing Syrian refugees who survived torture, say MPs False
Suspected Orlando cop killer was wearing bulletproof vest, police say False
Casey Affleck: Oscar hopes, sexual harassment charges, and an actor who doesn't want to be famous #Premium False
Kardashian West robbery: First suspect under formal investigation False
Samsung foldable phone could become reality this year, finally False
Check out the video for the new song "Man" from last night's episode of '@Star'  #promo False
The heart-wrenching story of China's 'mask boy' False
Never let go! True
CMO Today Newsletter: Trump clashes with CNN, BuzzFeed at press conference False
Why are TV baddies always weird white men?
#Premium True
.@edsheeran shares tracklist, cover art, and release date for new album '÷.' False
Manchester United trigger extension clause in Marouane Fellaini’s contract  via @guardian_sport False
24 jokes that are way too real if you have to wear glasses True
Michelle Obama's final late night appearance shows exactly why she'll be so missed False
ADPVoice: Does unlimited vacation time really work? And for whom? False
Boom. True
Your News Feed will never be safe again thanks to Facebook Live's update False
15 mansplaining stories that mansplained so fucking hard True
3 maned wolf pups -- two females and one male -- born at Little Rock Zoo in Arkansas. False
Fetus found in clogged drain pipe of Brooklyn home, NYPD says  via @NBCNewYork False
Uber’s new tool is a glimpse of how much it knows about cities. Planners want the full picture. False
GOP Senate to move forward on ObamaCare repeal False
Here’s a video of Tom Brady impersonating The Rock that you never asked for False
BREAKING: Broncos hire Vance Joseph as next head coach False
White House blasts Trump team for secrecy that 'only serves to sow public doubt' False
Sasha Obama had a pretty good reason for skipping her dad's farewell address True
Squirrels keep stealing chocolate bars from this convenience store False
U.S. airlines are unlikely to face an antitrust case on coordinating to raise fares False
Dogs and rats roam the corridors of leper colony in Brazil False
Nazi doctor Josef Mengele's bones used in Brazil forensic medicine courses False
McCullum facing suspension after Heat lose to Scorchers at Gabba in #BBL06 False
A spokesman for Putin has denied allegations that the Kremlin has collected compromising information about Trump. False
The FBI director said that Russian hackers had penetrated the Republican National Committee's computer records False
Sen. Franken accuses Sen. Sessions of misrepresenting his record on civil rights. False
Cheetahs, tigers and lions are now banned as pets in the UAE False
New Delhi hits chilliest temperature this season and people won't stop complaining False
Traumatised juvenile detainees at higher risk of reoffending: psychiatrist False
Post Malone reminds us he has unreleased music with Kanye West. False
Here's why Drake is calling 'More Life' a playlist and not an album: True
German officials propose measures to rein in known extremists after Berlin market attack False
Cyprus reunification talks: Everything you need to know about one of the world's most intractable disputes False
Was Kim Kardashian West's jewel heist an inside job?  via @TODAYshow False
Will dishonesty and misinformation be the end of Cleantech? True
KitSplit has acquired CameraLends, making it the biggest online camera rental company False
SHOWDOWN ON THE HILL: Democrats to rehang police-as-pigs art defiant GOP lawmaker took down False
"The released report on Russian meddling isn’t enough"  via @PostOpinions False
China’s banking giants try to snatch share of mobile payments from tech companies False
After the #GoldenGlobes, "La La Land" leads Bafta with 11 nominations False
Two of America's best-loved SUV's are coming back: the Ford Bronco and the Jeep Wagoneer False
Trump son-in-law role needs review, Democrats say False
#ICYMI: @realDonaldTrump's son-in-law Jared #Kushner appointed as senior White House #adviser False
Slain Orlando police officer was mom who 'deeply cared' for her community, colleagues say. False
Chinese man who was abducted aged seven is reunited with his father False
Why should there be any controversy? It's in the Koran, you kuffar. True
Ivory Coast mutiny: President Ouattara dismisses security chiefs False
#ICYMI: Meryl Streep takes on @realDonaldTrump at #GoldenGlobes (pic: AP) False
To understand Nick Saban, you must first understand his piano. True
Country music stars Maddie &amp; Tae rally behind dead Texas duck hunters' families False
They outplayed #DivijSharan and #PuravRaja in the #ChennaiOpen False
IBM received a record-breaking number of U.S. patents in 2016 False
Chinese man who was abducted aged seven is reunited with his father False
Kim Jong-un can launch an intercontinental missile 'any time and anywhere', warns North Korea False
Michigan city scoops another's ice cream record False
Sarah Paulson &amp; Amanda Peet kiss at the Globes because why the hell not? False
Meryl Streep goes after Donald Trump in powerful #GoldenGlobes speech False
Australian home-building approvals rise in November False
Nicole Kidman misses out on best supporting actress award at #GoldenGlobes False
A 9,500-year-old skull gets a 3D makeover  via @CNNStyle False
"Day 2 is just smooth and awesome," @ayeletw said of microdosing. "I think the Dalai Lama is on a perpetual Day 2." False
Morris Dancers forced to abandon performance after they were accused of racism over traditional black face paint False
Fitbit plans new social features to keep you hooked False
Reince Priebus defends Donald Trump's response to intelligence findings on Russia False
NEW: Suspect detained in shooting of US consular officer in Guadalajara, authorities tell @ABC False
Russell Westbrook and Cameron Payne's pregame dance routines are back! False
A 10-year-old boy grew his hair for two years so his friend with Alopecia could have a wig False
Huh. True
On intel report, @ggreenwald tells @brianstelter that "we have not seen" convincing evidence that "claims are true" False
.@RailMinIndia will let you have your wedding at the railway platform! False
J.R. Smith and his wife release heartbreaking video about infant daughter on Twitter. False
Judge used his retirement speech to confess that he drew rude graffiti on an official court computer False
Reminder that Chrissy Teigen and John Legend have the cutest baby of all time False
"Tasty the Cookbook" has been a huge hit for @BuzzFeed False
Five races to watch during Sunday’s Golden Globe Awards False
Queen appears in public for first time in a month after suffering heavy cold False
The long, hard road to repealing Obamacare is full of tough choices False
Rail strikes set to spread across the country False
NRI woman and her gang would extort money by threatening to lodge fake rape cases! False
Samantha Bee: "These next four years are going to require a broad coalition of straight-up decency" False
One postponed surgery. Another is sitting with the enemy.

Some fans went to wild lengths to get title game tickets: False
Fox News is losing Megyn Kelly. She will move to NBC, where she will have her own daytime and weekend shows. False
Joe Biden signs his ceremonial desk drawer in one of his final acts as vice president False
After less than a week of GOP control, Kentucky passes 20-week abortion ban False
This puppy striking a pose in front of a dog statue is too pure for this world False
North American marijuana sales grew by 30% in 2016 to reach $6.7 billion False
Thailand floods: Twelve killed after record rainfall False
Trump calls Dan Coats ‘right choice’ for intelligence agency False
A school bus driver left a 6-year-old at an empty house. She was found walking down a highway. False
These social media badges support and empower people with mental illness  #EndTheStigma True
The world’s fastest woman True
Obama leaves office with a record 75 straight months of job growth. Thanks, Obama. False
Saving Sally True
Society could collapse in a decade, predicts math historian True
Norway is set to be the first country in the world to phase out FM radio False
Army eases uniform regulations to allow more religious exemptions False
Hawks GM Wes Wilcox apologized for a racially insensitive joke while talking to season-ticket holders in December: False
Ed Sheeran, Sam Hunt and more are @Spotify editors' picks for #NewMusicFriday 🎶 False
#NashvilleCMT season 5, Ep. 1 recap: Three chords, the truth &amp; concept albums False
Watch Michelle Obama deliver her final speech as FLOTUS: False
Why Beijing’s grip on the yuan is becoming tenuous. Analysis: True
U.S. unemployment rate increased slightly to 4.7% in December  #JobsReport False
How Obama made economic history during his eight years in office False
Photos: A behind the scenes look at bidding for tuna at Tokyo’s Tsukiji market False
Al-Qaeda leader blasts rival jihadist group ISIS as 'liars' False
Turkey's deputy prime minister says the country's 'two-headed' democracy is unsustainable False
The fight to defund Planned Parenthood has very little to do with abortions False
Heartburn drugs may raise risk of stomach infections, new study suggests: False
Arrest of young black suspects in brutal Chicago attack sparks hate crime debate  via @YahooNews False
thank u 4 ur opinion Mr. Lemon True
Tear gas fired over Peru toll booths False
Jimmy Fallon pledges to joke about Trump in "good fun" at Golden Globes False
New research suggests that just as rising crime can drive people out of cities, falling crime spurs gentrification False
Dating apps have turned us into a generation of private detectives False
He called the police after he dropped off the passengers to report a possible case of #childtrafficking True
An amazing deal for PC gamers! #AssassinsCreed False
17 people who are determined to be even gayer in 2017 True
WikiLeaks offers reward for info on Obama admin misdeeds   via @CDerespina False
Justise Winslow to undergo shoulder surgery on torn labrum, will miss rest of the season. False
#ICYMI: Top #entertainment stories from the day that was True
Against all odds, cat suffering from rare spinal cord infection get back on all fours False
Virginia lawmaker proposes a “bathroom bill” to restrict public bathroom use by transgender people False
.@TheWeeknd tops Billboard #Artist100, George Michael debuts at No. 8 False
Kim Kardashian Kimoji contributing designer creates icons for other A-listers False
January 9 is the day people are most likely to try and start an affair False
8 experts predict what we'll see in the housing market in 2017: True
Trump trashes Obamacare as Democrats plan its defense False
With options limited, Obama heads to Capitol Hill today to rally Democrats on health care False
Some Republicans are cautioning against repealing Obamacare too quickly False
JUST IN: Israeli soldier found guilty of manslaughter after shooting a wounded Palestinian False
Russia aims to beef up military ties with Philippines as 2 ships visit False
Parents and students brawl in stands after Ohio high school game False
Apple sued for not adding safety fix to prevent use of FaceTime while driving False
Police hunt $6m jewellery heist suspects False
Two dogs blamed for sparking New Mexico house fire False
George W. Bush and @laurawbush will attend President-elect @realDonaldTrump's inauguration. False
Kim Kardashian shares intimate home video of Kanye West and the kids. False
I bought a comfortable desk chair and it was one of the best purchases I made last year False
Moment woman is struck by lightning on beach in Brazil True
ON @GMA: Deadly storm sweeps through the south now moving east: False
Kitty litter is helping Wyoming through its drilling slump False
Premiere: @ESPNNBA taps @LilJon for NBA Saturday Primetime campaign. Watch it here: False
A plan to take in 100 Syrian and Iraqi refugees has divided a Vermont town False
New Illinois law enlists hairstylists to prevent domestic abuse False
Ben Affleck now says directing a solo Batman movie is "not a set thing." False
Yes. @ShraddhaKapoor is living in.... with her parents. @FarOutAkhtar False
Trump is already taking credit for the economy. Here's why that could backfire False
Jeff Sessions omits decades of records for his attorney general confirmation hearing False
Report: Samsung will reveal results of investigation into why some Galaxy Note 7 caught fire this month False
Breaking: Islamic State claims responsibility for Istanbul nightclub attack in which 39 people were killed False
Kim Jong Un says North Korea is close to testing an intercontinental ballistic missile: False
Power to the burger True
Family planning? Now? What's the hurry? True
Trump has proposed the wealthiest Cabinet in modern U.S. history False
Istanbul attack: Turkey must end blame game and look for solutions. via @CNNOpinion False
Taking on your calendar could be the most important move you make in 2017: False
Singer @MariahCarey performed on New Year’s Rockin’ Eve on Saturday night and it was not as anyone expected. True
The biggest media and advertising questions for 2017 True
Britons must unite after their 'divisive' Brexit, Theresa May says in her New Year message False
Why more people die on January 1 than any other time of the year True
Solanki sisters of Agra are winning medals in #wrestling @geeta_phogat @BabitaPhogat False
The most ambitious, irritating, hopeful and overrated books of 2016 — and the best one, too True
7 little ways you can love your body more in 2017 True
#SakshiMalik vs #GeetaPhogat

This match is totally worth a watch! True
The heartbreaking story behind Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson's gift to his dad True
Trump's brilliant cybersecurity solution: Send things by courier False
Trump says Happy New Year in the most Trump way True
Monkey business True
Modern Love: A single woman worked up the courage to sign up for a cuddle party True
Andy Murray says knighthood a 'nice way to start the new year' after glittering 2016 False
Donald Trump lets bygones be bygones in New Year's Eve tweet (just kidding!) True
'RELENTLESS, PREDATORY': Malware code tied to Russian hackers found on US electric company laptop False
Barack Obama's final year as President in photos by Pete Souza False
What an engaging picture of @imVkohli and @AnushkaSharma! True
If Trump doesn't start out with a long-term plan, defense might not get fixed at all False
STOCKS SLIP TO END THE YEAR: Here's what you need to know True
"Debbie Reynolds died a day after her daughter did! Black Mama's don't die cuz they kids do!" - @RealDLHughley False
Street beggar flown from Scotland to Sweden by kind-hearted tourists for Christmas False
"We should be embarrassed ... that we’ve allowed this city to become the poster boy of violence in America" True
Vesna Vulovic, woman who survived mid-air plane explosion and 33,000-foot fall, dies  #obit False
Only A Truly Kinky Person Can Get 8 Or More Correct On This Quiz True
Milo Yiannopoulos snags book deal with Simon &amp; Schuster imprint False
7 family finance tips to get you ready for 2017: True
Scarlett Johansson named the top-grossing actor of 2016 by Forbes False
What we know about the Syrian ceasefire due to take effect tonight True
Swedish 'bikini cop' who stopped pickpocket quits job after photo fame False
They made him eat cat litter before killing him — and posted it all on Snapchat, police say True
The newest startup trend is fragrances False
About half of all iPhones are made in Zhengzhou. The story of how a phone made there can end up in your hands: False
JUST IN: Putin says Syria ceasefire deal reached; hostilities to end Friday: False
UNICEF USAVoice: Ten-Year-Old Syrian refugee Hiba tells how she survived a harrowing journey True
Is North Korea's Kim Jong Un the "world's most dangerous man"? False
Travis Scott drops new video for "beibs in the trap": False
Debbie Reynolds, mother of Carrie Fisher, has died: False
Want to double your retirement income? The pros follow these 10 steps, and you can too True
... True
With final detainee transfer, Obama’s Guantanamo policy takes its last breath False
Man steals dead trooper's identity, buys washing machine on day of funeral  via @NBCNewYork False
Warren Buffett's fortune surges more than anyone else in America in 2016 False
Kerry warns Israel: Two-state solution is "only path to peace" but "now in serious jeopardy" False
Chris Christie’s job approval is at a career low False
"Please at least try to hide." Police wrote an epic note to a shoplifter who hasn't quite mastered the theft game False
Inside Obama and Netanyahu's strained relationship: False
Wind turbines in Sweden just generated as much power as six nuclear power stations False
If you have any of these symptoms you may have an anxiety disorder True
Call of the mall: can you identify world cities from their shopping centres? False
Romeo Santos, Carlos Vives &amp; more Latin artists who broke records on YouTube in 2016 False
A weakened Europe isn’t prepared for what 2017 may bring  via @PostOpinions False
The nation's first offshore wind farm is up and running off the coast of Rhode Island False
Snow is no match for this expert two-year-old skier. False
What a world without Carrie Fisher means for the Star Wars universe False
12 fatal shooting incidents occurred in Chicago Christmas weekend: False
Can you identify these global cities from space? False
Rubi Ibarra Garcia birthday: Man killed in horse race at viral party False
#Dangal girls #Fatima and #Sanya's dancing videos will give you a glimpse of their crazy side! True
Down the drain: Inmates escape Tennessee jail through broken toilet False
Freed Chibok girls return home for a joyful Christmas False
A four-ingredient booze recipe has broken the internet True
"The most senior members of the American foreign policy team were pushing this resolution while Aleppo burned." False
Four men arrested in #India after US tourist accuses them of gang rape False
Top #entertainment stories from the day True
.@QtipTheAbstract, @TalibKweli, @therealelp, and more react to George Michael's death. False
Details emerge of George Michael's many quiet acts of kindness True
Tupac Shakur's Hail Mary makes surprise appearance at Christmas Carol service False
Pope wishes Christmas peace to those scarred by war False
Pakistan Defence Minister @KhawajaMAsif is rather #triggerhappy True
Aleppo Christians celebrate holiday in hope peace has returned True
The 50 best movies of 2016  via @YahooMovies False
George Michael has died at 53 False
Time can't heal wounds of 95yo #Japanese war veteran True
New study casts doubt on theory Anne Frank was betrayed True
The right way to say 15 brand names you're mispronouncing all the time True
.@WhiteHouse staff scares @BarackObama on his last Christmas as #POTUS False
Boy has the BEST reaction to being adopted after 832 days in foster care True
Greek debt-relief measures unblocked by eurozone False
.@TheHockeyIndia junior team will be able to give their best if they have job security False
Russian Military Plane With 92 Aboard Crashes Into Black Sea False
'Fully cashless is not possible, nor desirable, nor intended' says @manoharparrikar False
#Mitron Do you know why farmers don't have money? Yup it's #Demonetisation False
Caring for grandchildren is linked with a surprising health benefit: False
Trapped skiers rescued from cable cars in Italian Alps False
Woman assaulted for not speaking English delivers powerful message to her assailant False
Upscale SUVs are outselling luxury cars for the 1st time False
Hello Mr Winemerchant True
Obamas' last White House Christmas address reminds us all of Americans' shared values False
Billboard's top 10 most popular holiday songs True
This is what happens when deep frying turkeys goes wrong True
.@SushmaSwaraj is the perfect example of a politician who can resolve any issue within minutes. #Respect False
Winter storm floods LA streets and triggers flood warnings  via @NBCLA False
Where the next crisis will come from True
22 jokes you’ll only appreciate if you have a dark sense of humor True
21 times Adele slayed beyond all expectations in 2016 True
.@Cristiano Ronaldo has a very strong and emotional message for the children suffering in #Syria. False
Carrie Fisher's brother says she is "out of emergency" and stabilized at hospital False
Orders for desserts were up 72% on meal-ordering app Caviar the day after the U.S. election False
Traveling this holiday? Here are 5 skin-care hacks every traveler needs True
We don’t always end up with the loves of our lives (and that’s okay) False
La La Land, Hidden Figures and films that squeezed happiness out of 2016 False
Oh, nostalgia :') True
How Christmas films will mess up your festive relationship expectations False
Italian police gun down fugitive Berlin killer screaming 'Allahu Akbar' False
Elon Musk says Tesla's upgraded Autopilot might arrive next week False
Ex-soldier facing prosecution over alleged murder of IRA commander says he feels betrayed by the British Government False
19 reasons why morning people are the absolute worst True
#German #police arrest two men suspected of planning shopping mall #attack False
Duterte rages at 'idiot,' 'joker,' 'son of a b----' UN human rights official False
Australian police foil terror attack planned for Melbourne False
Eric Trump suspends operations of his charitable foundation False
FACT CHECK: D*nged right. True
YouTube's most-viewed Christmas video is a song we tried very hard to forget True
Death spiral. True
Journalist murdered in Philippines after criticizing officials for alleged "negligence" over illegal drug factory False
Watch @Hardwell honk horn and hit the road for "Om Telolet Om" meme True
Still shopping for gifts? Here's the extreme procrastinator’s guide True
4 simple ways women can help women succeed in business: True
Top #entertainment stories from the day that was True
A look at some of the most compelling sports stories of 2016 True
Boy battling leukaemia conducts orchestra False
Lame. True
Top #entertainment stories from the day True
19 people who got the worst secret Santa gifts in history True
The 30 most stunning photos Business Insider took in 2016 False
Elon Musk continues to befuddle Planet Earth False
Recipe swap: share your blue cheese recipes  via @GuardianCook False
#SunnyLeone's killer moves &amp; @iamsrk's intensity in #LailaMainLaila has to be seen! Watch the video here False
The Spin’s best Test cricket XI of 2016 | Andy Bull  via @guardian_sport False
Jihadi parents kiss daughters goodbye before girl launches bomb attack False
These "Star Wars" locations actually exist and they’re not in a galaxy far, far away True
Mel B: 'You get to laugh your pants off at people who are delusional' False
Berlin attack: Hunt for attacker after sole suspect released False
James Franco has joined #AlienCovenant. No, really. False
The Dallas Cowboys landed five. The Oakland Raiders sent seven. 

Full Pro Bowl rosters: False
Ernie Johnson recites a touching poem at Craig Sager's memorial service. False
#Wallstreet: #dowjones share index climbs within a whisker of 20,000 points False
Bring Me The Horizon's @olobersyko created a "Star Wars"-themed clothing line False
We talked to 5 activists about what books to give out to help stand up for equality in 2017 True
Russia joins hunt for clues into ambassador's assassination False
84-year-old defies age, gravity on the flying trapeze  via @NBCSanDiego False
Here's what Southern Rail passengers are saying about the strike on Twitter - 30,000 tweets analysed True
Samantha Bee and Glenn Beck discover they might have something in common False
Michelle Obama calls the 2016 election "painful" in sit-down interview with Oprah False
BERLIN UPDATE: Christmas market suspect was migrant from Pakistan False
This Korean man's how-to video on British accents is glorious True
The 12 best video games of 2016 True
16-year-old's Facebook post helps others identify weird skin rash False
Nawab junior Taimur Ali Khan Pataudi is here... congratulations #KareenaKapoorKhan &amp; #SaifAliKhan! False
19 random acts of kindness from 2016 that will restore your faith in humanity True
Government loses $2.2 billion in student loans to dodgy training providers #auspol False
This is how to make your very own Harry Potter feast True
The 10 best R&amp;B albums of 2016 (critic's picks) False
MORE: Berlin police say suspect arrested near Christmas Market scene; here's the latest False
Revealed: 10 of the most unusual homes for sale in 2016 True
Though electors are meeting today to cast votes in presidential election, the vote won’t be formalized until Jan. 6. False
13 gifts for people who think diversity is beautiful False
LIVE: #Truck ploughs into crowded #Christmas market in #Berlin, killing nine False
Life sentence sought in murder of American woman in Italy False
Justice delivered True
The strongest (and weakest) American cities  via @YahooFinance True
A look at this year's celebrity holiday cards True
Flu season has arrived and only 40% of Americans are immunized False
From me to you: readers' photos on the theme of gift via @GuardianWitness False
Cops break into car to free "frozen" elderly woman, find it's a mannequin True
[TRIGGERED] True
Twitter had a lot to say about #RobandChyna's baby special after last night's drama. False
Airfare to these cities is expected to drop in 2017 False
Breaking News: Zsa Zsa Gabor has died. She was thought to be 99. False
In Pakistan, five girls were killed for having fun. Then the story took an even darker twist True
The 'Saved by the Bell' diner is coming to a city near you True
Inside the transformation of one Syrian refugee's life False
Gregg Popovich reflects on his relationship with Tim Duncan: False
'Rogue One' has the second-best December opening weekend ever with $155 million False
Some baby teething toys may contain hormone-disrupting chemicals False
Civilians being ferried out of Aleppo 'were hauled off buses and executed' False
UN nuclear watchdog: Iran showing satisfactory commitment to nuclear deal False
Dashing through the home: Teen shoots deer in living room False
How you handle conflict can make or break your career True
UN condemns Burma over rapes, killings and other abuses against Rohingya Muslims False
Church massacre, other killings strain forgiveness for many False
They are the disrupters, the dealmakers, the loyalists, the establishment and the generals False
Miss World is the biggest beauty pageant you’ve never heard of. What’s it doing in Washington? True
Waste. True
China says it will transfer US drone; Trump slams Beijing over incident False
He saved his sister's life and became the youngest donor ever! True
What was that mysterious metallic sound in the Mariana Trench? True
Watch killer whales chow down on a shark: False
Honeywell unit wins $2.6 billion contract to manage Sandia National Laboratories False
What happens in the extremely unlikely scenario the Electoral College goes rogue? True
Brutal survival show is trying really hard to be like 'Hunger Games' True
The judge in kayak death case will allow jurors to watch virtually all of an 11-hour police interrogation video False
Facebook's "fake news" labels under fire from right False
FBI agrees with CIA assessment that Russia meddled in the US election to help Trump win False
Love and support poured in from around the sports world for the legendary Craig Sager: False
Europe’s illicit-drug problem, visualized True
Some people told Cuisinart that they found pieces of blade in their food False
Though in economic and demographic decline, Russia is exerting an outsize influence on world events. @StephenFidler1 False
10 Christmas food traditions you've probably never heard of True
Donald Trump told a mostly-white PA crowd to thank African-Americans who didn't vote. False
These are (probably) the hottest parenting trends of 2017 True
Only 58% of Americans have retirement accounts. Learn more about getting started here: False
- U.S. dollar up vs major peers
- Gold falls further
- Crude rises
- Japan stocks gain False
Tinder reveals the most right-swiped names of 2016 True
The Hunger Games-style reality show where 30 people are left in Siberian wilderness True
This is rich... True
Watch @Metallica crush their biggest fan in "Who Knows" trivia contest on #Kimmel False
Deadly Tenn. school bus crash case heads to grand jury False
Their parents #disappeared at the railway station.
#ThisIsIT True
ICYMI: The NBA announced a new CBA deal, and Draymond Green wasn't happy about it. False
The #police also found that many internet centres were flouting norms.
#ThisIsIT True
Hot tubs and puffer fish: Vladimir Putin to meet with Japan's PM via @rachelmealey False
Yahoo discloses new breach of 1 billion user accounts False
Photos: Remembering Alan Thicke's career  via @YahooTV False
What is the best rock/alternative song of 2016? True
Buzz Aldrin nearly died at the South Pole. Why he insists "it was worth it, really." False
Four years after Sandy Hook, barely anyone thinks we're closer to stopping gun violence False
LOOK: Obamas' 'Holiday' Card Doesn't Mention Christmas for 8th Year False
Um. False
The parent of a Morehead State player claims head coach Sean Woods head-butted his son last year: False
Medical drones could be the next wave of emergency response True
A triple-digit gain in the Dow Jones Industrial Average still turns heads, but fewer heads than it used to. False
Steph Curry explains why he gave a Pelicans coach a high-five after sinking a tough shot. False
Report says ISIS is manufacturing arms on industrial scale False
Frito-Lay drops Doritos Super Bowl TV advertisements for 2017. False
The ultimate end-of-year checklist for frequent fliers and elite status obsessives True
Federal Reserve meeting likely to move #markets despite almost certain rate rise  #ausbiz #FedRateHike False
The polar vortex is back; here's where it'll be coldest True
ASAP Ferg on Kanye West and Donald Trump meeting: 'Ye is strategic not dumb' False
Kasich signs 20-week abortion ban in Ohio but vetoes "heartbeat" bill False
'The Fate of the Furious' is already out here smashing global records False
Widening ethnic cracks raise fears of new war in #Bosnia False
The #NDA government has failed to check price rise and bringing back #blackmoney, #Owaisi alleged.
#ThisIsIT False
.@reliancejio users to have extra #Pokemon fun!
#ThisIsIT False
Stocks resume advance as Fed rate hike looms, and oil extends gains False
China holds National Day of Remembrance for Nanjing Massacre victims False
Google's dream of a steering-wheel free future is reportedly being curtailed False
The world's longest Uber ride ended in Brooklyn, cost $294.09 False
UK naive to expect easy ride in Brexit trade talks, says Lords report False
Sarah Michelle Gellar is taking Elf on the Shelf duty very seriously False
.@TheYankeeCandle issues recall: What you need to know False
All the best deals on the internet today True
David Attenborough: 'This planet is a home not just for us but for all life' False
There's a 2,000-person wait list for these $125 leggings False
Fleeing their homelands for a better life? True
More leaks have confirmed specs and price of the two #Android smartphones
@nokia #ThisIsUS True
Jeremy Corbyn has 12 months to turn the Labour Party around, according to his closest allies False
Qantas to start Australia's first nonstop flight to Europe in 2018
 via @WSJVideo False
East Aleppo residents flee for their lives as airstrikes continue to pound the city False
Damn, the 14 best memes of 2016 True
People are losing their minds over this Chloë Grace Moretz doppelgänger False
Ahead of pro-Trump rally, KKK members claim they're "not white supremacists" False
France announces 'clean sticker' anti-pollution measures as cities choke on smog False
John Cena attempts and fails to celebrate the season in #SNL opening monologue False
5 weird tricks your mind plays on you True
Miranda Lambert's top 10 most memorable live performances False
She would rather go to jail than see Margaret Sanger's eugenics lab forced to become self-sufficient. False
Is your library under threat? Share your experiences with us False
Donald Trump on Russian hacking: "I don't believe it" False
Push starting a #plane True
This classic '80s trend is about to make a huge comeback  via @YahooStyle True
Headed to New York for the holiday window displays? Follow this insider advice. False
Death toll in Cairo blast reaches at least 20, officials say False
SpaceX will begin launching rockets again in January, 4 months after explosion False
Kellyanne Conway was grand marshall of a Christmas parade in Hammonton, NJ, on Saturday False
Louis Tomlinson performs emotional tribute to his late mom False
Toll in Turkey bombings rises to 29 killed, including 27 police officers, Interior minister says. False
Theresa May's new economic adviser supported tax increases to pay down deficit False
One in three victims of domestic abuse are now men True
Nasa and Stephen Hawking working on nano-starship that can travel 1/5th speed of light False
PartyNextDoor brings out Drake, G-Eazy and more at Summer's Over concert in L.A. False
A baby dinosaur got trapped in amber. 99 million years later, a Chinese paleontologist found its tail in a market. False
To some, Bob Dylan’s absence from Nobel Prize-related events has embarrassed the Swedish Academy False
'Nervous' Patti Smith forgets Bob Dylan lyrics False
Congressional official confirms that the CIA says the Russians were trying to elect Trump False
Trump deepens Goldman Ties as he builds out his economic team False
This photographer transforms one room into a world of colors False
Fireball rips through Siberian sky in brilliant display of light False
We can't let #BlackMoney holders get away True
The worst mistake everybody makes when cooking steak, according to Anthony Bourdain True
Big business warns Trump against mass deportation True
James Corden suggests a new catchphrase for America's economy ⏩ by @lee_moran True
The grim truth behind this photo reveals what it's really like to be a mother True
Supreme Court Brexit appeal: Judges 'heading for split 7-4 decision' in narrow win for Remain campaigners False
Trump to attend Army-Navy football game in Baltimore False
What's next for Hillary? Latest moves indicate Clinton won't fade away  via @AdamShawNY False
After the experts True
WATCH LIVE: Donald Trump holds "Thank You" rally in Grand Rapids, Michigan False
U.K. police identify suspects in probe of child abuse at soccer teams False
Cult beauty brand Glossier raises $24M Series B to open retail stores, go international False
The polar vortex is coming. Here’s what that means — and how cold it could get. True
Coca-Cola announces that CEO Muhtar Kent will step down as CEO next year. False
ECB rejects Monte Paschi's request for more time on capital, sources say False
Who will be #mufflerman #ArvindKejriwal's next victim? True
Here you go, clickbaiters, another "Breitbart turns on Trump" headline wave for you: False
.@billshortenmp argues against reducing restrictions on #book #imports, wants 'Australian stories told'  #auspol False
Legendary astronaut John Glenn's inspiring life in photos True
Next week’s Arctic blast could mean two bouts of wintry precipitation in Washington False
Self-made millionaire says if you want to get rich, start working 95 hours a week False
The “Baywatch” trailer is here/let’s just look at Zac Efron’s abs False
Every CFB award but the you-know-what will be handed out tonight (7 ET, ESPN).

Who should win? Who will win? True
How many triangles can you see? This puzzle has divided the internet False
Met investigates claims that officers punched detained suspect False
Being the youngest in your family officially makes you funnier True
Why parents and doctors should think about ADHD in preschool True
Trump's cabinet picks have a combined wealth of $14.5B. How did they all make their money? False
Milo Ventimiglia recreates memorable #ThisIsUs push-ups scene on #Ellen False
takes
1
2
know
1 True
Cancer breakthrough aids one patient, raises hopes for many True
Nationals acquire center fielder Adam Eaton False
Pakistani singer-turned-preacher Junaid Jamshed among 48 dead in plane crash False
#ICYMI: How to stay safe in an electrical storm (Hint: Avoid phones and tall trees) True
Footage shows helicopter trying to land on moving ship as it's battered by gale-force winds False
.@TIME has just named President-elect Donald Trump as the 2016 person of the year #TIMEPOY False
Trolls and triumph True
Most Americans who see fake news believe it, new survey says False
U.S. CEOs are more optimistic on prospects for sales and hiring False
Monkey tries to get hold of banana stuck behind a car windscreen False
A closer look at Ikea's groundbreaking paid family leave policy False
Pres. Obama on terrorists: "They are thugs and they are murderers and they should be treated that way." False
Climb aboard a judge’s riverboat court as it travels through the Amazon False
The AT&amp;T-Time Warner merger isn't a horizontal merger and shouldn't be critiqued as such: False
Libyan forces have fully cleared ISIS out from its regional capital False
Dancing officer helps usher in donations for the Salvation Army False
Matt Rhule turned around the Temple Owls.

Now he's headed to Baylor: False
.@DollyParton announces telethon for Tennessee wildfire victims False
Toll Brothers sees a strong 2017, powered by millennial buyers. Home builder reports a 29% revenue jump in Q4. False
The highest-paid female YouTuber, and the astonishing amount she earns True
Muslim NYPD officer threatened, told 'go back to your country' False
Los Angeles beefs up metro security amid terror threat. False
Sheriff deputy dies when personal car falls into San Antonio sinkhole False
Sistagirls do #MardiGras: Indigenous trans community crowdfunds for pride parade False
Old-school Dr. Seuss drawings skewer fascism one frightening drawing at a time False
Snowy hill proves to be every car's worst nightmare True
The truth behind the world's most reliable IQ test True
Your smartphone knows a lot about you, but what about your mental health? #opinion True
UK Government begins #Brexit legal fight in Supreme Court 🇬🇧 (Pic: AP) False
Uzbekistan is about to get its first new president in more than a quarter-century False
The Dallas Cowboys were the first team to clinch a spot in the playoffs. 

How long will they stick around? VOTE: False
😨😨😨 True
The euro fell against the dollar Monday after Italian voters rejected changes to their country’s Constitution False
Senate Dem urges Obama to make the CIA torture report a federal record so it won't disappear False
Off-duty New York corrections officer shot and killed while sitting in car False
CBREVoice: These 4 crucial factors can help boost employee engagement. True
Who in New Zealand will match John Key's personal appeal? True
Ad-spending growth is poised for a significant slowdown in 2017 False
How accurate were your predictions for #WestworldFinale? Here's what Twitter had to say. True
Earl Thomas left Sunday's game with a leg injury and posted a tweet that suggested he was contemplating retirement. False
The effects of stress on your body True
Mark Wahlberg on politics: "Hollywood is living in a bubble." False
Urban Meyer won't ever forget the day OSU clinched a second CFP berth ... because it's the day he became a grandpa: False
Viral sensation Shirley Caesar responds to Snoop’s music video for the #UNameItChallenge False
The first official teaser trailer for 'Guardians of the Galaxy 2' is here False
Trump's company isn't exploring business prospects in Taiwan, aides to president-elect say False
UPDATE: Police ID student they say fatally stabbed USC professor False
50 Cent on Kanye West hospitalization: "You could see that coming" True
Trump didn't save as many Carrier jobs as he claimed False
U.S. health spending rose nearly 6%, the fastest growth rate since 2007 False
Death toll in Tennessee wildfire grows to 13 False
So very based. True
#TelegraphLetters: Does noisy music sap the sense from television?  #premium False
Don't know much about history. True
For @CowboyFB, it has almost mythical powers.

The story behind the swag, mojo and glory of Mike Gundy's mullet: False
Breaking News: Trump’s supporters filed legal challenges to recounts in Pennsylvania, Wisconsin and Michigan False
Mike Pence's new neighbours are trolling him exquisitely False
Man authorities say killed Joe McKnight released from custody without being charged False
Ireland is compensating a woman who was forced to travel for an abortion False
European leaders fear Austria &amp; Italy votes

 (via @BBCkatyaadler) False
Smokeless tobacco might be far less common among big league newcomers False
Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz is stepping down to devote his time to opening high-end coffee shops False
Putin appeared remarkably subdued during an address in which he called for cooperation with Trump's administration False
.@VirgilAbloh debuts new furniture line at Design Miami False
This weekend is the only time all year the @CFBPlayoff committee watches games together.

Two days to decide it all. False
iHeartRadio releases beta versions of new streaming services False
Macau’s four-month winning streak fuels turnaround hopes False
#NagrotaMartyr: Major Kumar is survived by his wife, 3-yr-old daughter who were at the camp when the attack happened False
Here’s the price each major oil producing country needs to balance its 2016 budget True
Netflix will now let people download videos to phones and tablets, so users can chill over their data limits. False
Should Australia be burning rubbish for electricity? True
Austin was diagnosed with Marfan syndrome at the 2014 NBA draft combine.

Now, he says, he can come back: False
Facts that will be truly upsetting to '90s girls True
Trump now agrees with the majority of Americans: He wasn't ready to be president False
We spoke with the guy who recreated hip-hop album covers for his graduation photos. False
Turkey has blocked access to Wikipedia over what it calls a terror "smear campaign" False
Seth Rogen and The Lonely Island hint at movie based on failed musical festival following Fyre Festival cancellation False
Donald Trump signs executive order aimed at lifting bans on Arctic drilling False
President Donald Trump: My first 100 days are "just about the most successful" in US history False
The mystery of Antarctica's blood falls has finally been solved False
Prince Harry to attend Army and Navy rugby match with Invictus competitors False
19 tweets about dogs that are funny, pure, and just so goddamn true True
AG Sessions to MS-13 gang: 'We are coming after you' False
19 people who probably should've just asked, "Do you want to go to prom?" True
Partisan woes and a chaotic White House created one of the least productive opening acts by Congress in recent times False
Migos was on Tim Westwood TV on Thursday. Check the interview here. False
Can You Name All Of These Dog Breeds? True
The head of security at O'Hare was fired Thursday. It had nothing to do with United Airlines or David Dao. False
Artist claims Kendrick Lamar stole part of his song for "DNA" False
This grandma that looks like Scarlett Johansson just got invited to get drunk with her True
Meet the women who stay and work the land on their own despite tragedy False
This is leading our site now. We wish we didn’t have to write things like this. I’ll leave it at that.  —@lpolgreen True
Former first lady Michelle Obama reveals why she probably will never run for public office: False
oh? True
Trump’s unusual meeting with the 2017 Teachers of the Year False
Brazil hit by first general strike in two decades False
British police shoot woman, arrest six suspects in counter-terrorism raids False
out: free speech.

in: fake speech! True
Watch @Wisin and @Ozuna_Pr perform "Escapate Conmigo" at the 2017 @BillboardLatin Music Awards #Billboards2017 False
Commentary: Everybody thinks they're losing False
This dad's homemade Disney princess costumes can even transform into another look. True
A timeline of events surrounding the suspicious death of prominent New York judge: True
17 fucking infuriating things that happen in every porno True
.@LuisFonsi &amp; @Daddy_Yankee performed "Despacito" at the 2017 @BillboardLatin Music Awards False
Crash test dummies may get heavier to protect heavier Americans False
Megyn Kelly will make her NBC News debut sometime next month. Is the channel ready? False
With later start times in second round, Metro could be an issue for Caps fans False
good q True
Selma Hayek’s dogs + Ellen = 😍
  —@lpolgreen False
How Ukip's collapse will help the Tories capture 45 Labour seats False
Who is going No. 1? Who is Mr. Irrelevant? Find out before it happens. 

Mock draft: True
Delaware standoff over: Trooper's killer shot dead after barricading himself in home False
United is playing clean up this morning as it reveals its plan to make flying them less awful. Thoughts?  —@lpolgreen False
Boris Johnson has exposed '#mugwump' Jeremy Corbyn, and the public will notice #premium False
Russian Navy ship sinks in Black Sea after collision with freighter False
Here's how Scott Van Pelt paid tribute to laid-off ESPN employees on 'SportsCenter.' False
You should be more worried about the Great Repeal Bill than Brexit False
.@PharrellI is the first man to star in a #Chanel bag campaign False
More people than ever before are single — and that’s a good thing  #opinion False
The Galaxy S8 has hit the retail shelves. Embarrassing new problems are cropping up: False
Testimony: Robert Durst's slain friend once posed as his missing wife False
Laura Muir praises ‘brilliant’ London marathon run of Joshua Griffiths  via @guardian_sport False
A former soldier killed her service dog while her boyfriend recorded video, authorities say False
Flat-pack fashion: Ikea takes swipe at Balenciaga's $2,150 shopping bag False
To counter North Korea, admiral says the U.S. should consider adding ballistic missile interceptors in Hawaii False
Q&amp;A:  What do lawmakers need to do to avoid a government shutdown this weekend? False
Dip back in: beat the hummus crisis with this quick recipe True
'Game of Thrones' star Nikolaj Coster-Waldau weighs in on THAT big Jaime/Cersei theory False
After setback on sanctuary cities order, Trump attacks ‘messy’ federal courts system False
Big Mac makeover pays off False
This county flipped from Obama to Trump. But how do its voters feel now? #trump100days True
HE FLEW.

Blue Jays' Chris Coghlan dives over Cardinals catcher Yadier Molina to score

🎥: False
Flash flood of fruit juice flows into Russian town after factory accident: True
There's an internet language dedicated entirely to talking about dogs True
tee hee False
The music industry grew faster in 2016, and it shows no sign of stopping False
Gators love golf courses.

Two gators taped fighting in North Carolina 🐊⛳️

🎥: False
Ellie Goulding joins "Magic Mike Live" performance False
Texas lawmaker on four-day hunger strike in protest of "sanctuary city" bill False
Israeli PM condemns Marine Le Pen's 'disturbing' denial of French involvement in the Holocaust False
US submarine makes South Korea port call amid reports of artillery drill by the North False
U.S. consumers say they’re confident, but their driving says otherwise—Heard on the Street True
12 great underseen horror movies on Netflix
 via @Watching False
Teacher Tad Cummins planned to flee U.S. with 15-year-old girl: prosecutors False
As the red-hot Cardinals rise, the struggling Giants take a tumble.

Power rankings: False
Obama: The single most important thing I can do is prepare next generation to take their crack at changing the world False
The most athletic Watt brother is ready to terrorize QBs—just like J.J. False
Assistant Minister forced to defend #citizenship, #visa changes on @QandA   #auspol #QandA False
Macaque climbs onto a fishing boat in Thailand and tries to steal coconuts False
Doctor accused of mutilating genitals of young girls defends procedure as religious practice False
European markets welcome French election results False
Jeremy Corbyn has lost the plot with his clutch of four-day weeks #Letters #premium False
Gap InternationalVoice: From vision to results: How to lead growth at your company True
New Orleans begins taking down the first of 4 prominent Confederate monuments. False
South Burlington High told to erase ‘Rebels’ nickname, stirring a backlash in Liberalville False
Twitter creates an @IssaRae concept film starring @Rihanna and @Lupita_Nyongo. False
Richard Simmons "in good spirits" after returning home from hospitalization. False
Few people ever watch death sentences. Here, 5 witnesses recall their experiences in the nation’s death houses True
Study links diet soda to higher risk of stroke, dementia False
Solange says no tour in works for "A Seat at the Table": False
PSA: Golf balls are not part of a balanced breakfast. False
Take a peek inside a newly discovered Egyptian tomb, which dates back 3,500 years False
Will French voters pick a leader who can inject bold improvements into their country's econmomy? False
happens 2 the best of us True
Ivanka Trump worshipped as a 'goddess' by thousands of Chinese fans False
A college course about the life of Dolly Parton is actually a deep dive into modern Appalachian history False
As scientists erupt in protest, a volcanologist runs for Congress False
North Korea WILL launch a nuclear strike if Trump attacks False
watch out, isis True
YouTube corrected the mistake True
In a postgame video, Patrick Beverley is seen exchanging words with a fan while other fans yell at him. False
John Harbaugh and the Ravens grant a kid’s draft night wish False
Chris Pratt "officially" weighs in on that "Jurassic World" theory True
The son they had assumed dead about 16 years ago came back to them. As a swami. #Gujarat #Bhuj True
Kenya election: Kenyatta blames primaries chaos on turnout False
#NorthKorea warns Australia of 'blindly toeing US line', warns of nuclear strike #auspol False
Fresno shooting spree suspect has courtroom outburst False
What North Korea's military parade says about capabilities, ambitions False
Former federal education officials say Betsy DeVos can block Navient's attempt to grow False
How to survive the longest flight in the world False
There's a new and improved version of Google Earth out, and it's beautiful True
FDA strengthens warning against codeine and tramadol for children False
Barack Obama to make first post-Presidency public appearance in Chicago next week False
#Paris gunman's criminal past in focus as police seek accomplices False
'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2' won't be the Guardians' only big adventure this summer False
Finish out the week with a delicious dinner True
Ha Ha Clinton-Dix is back at Alabama to pursue his degree.

Too bad his Porsche got booted False
Tipster who called in Elizabeth Thomas kidnapping describes teacher's suspicious behavior False
Generations of Hispanic families divided over marijuana: False
Cuba Gooding Sr. found dead in his car False
South Koreans blast "ignorant" Trump for saying their country was once part of China False
China deals a blow to South Korean casino’s fortunes False
The best profile picture to get you a date True
Aaron Hernandez's brain to be released for CTE study False
Homeland Security watchdog says ICE isn't sufficiently tracking thousands of undocumented immigrants False
Partially clothed Buffalo Bills player asks cops to shoot him during bizarre incident True
Sarah Palin on Fox News: The corporate culture there “obviously has to change." False
Pimp my...Rolex? All about souped-up faces and cases for the watch aficionado who won't settle for what's in store True
Tesla to recall 53,000 cars due to parking brake issue False
DeMar DeRozan, Andre Drummond among most overhyped players at the end of the '16-17 season False
GM says it will immediately halt operations in Venezuela after its plant was unexpectedly seized by authorities False
This woman saved a man’s life on their first date True
Drone footage shows Apple's new campus at night True
Jimmy Kimmel knows who's really replacing Bill O'Reilly True
Lloyd Rayney defamation trial: Sex attacker boasted about Kings Park body before Corryn killed False
Jeremy Corbyn makes election pledge to bust 'cosy cartel' of politics False
Birth control side effects detailed True
Over 20,000 retired miners may lose their benefits unless Congress acts. Some wonder why Trump hasn't fought harder False
How to survive the longest flight in the world True
Trolls are lashing out at Christian Bale's new movie before it even premieres False
Meet Lara: Facebook's first chatbot 'dating coach' False
Theresa May wins Commons backing for 8 June general election False
Steve Ballmer wants you to know how the government really spends its money False
Shareef O'Neal is No. 19 on the ESPN 60 rankings of the class of 2018. False
Marijuana advocates vow to smoke pot and get arrested on steps of U.S. Capitol False
Greg Clark promises decisive action to rein in UK energy companies False
#Prince left behind a treasure trove to see at Paisley Park False
BOOM. True
Breaking: Former Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez commits suicide in prison False
Psychedelic drugs induce 'heightened state of consciousness', brain scans show False
Ohio police officer admits to fabricating shooting story to cover up suicide attempt, cops say False
OracleVoice: PwC and GE show how to turn rising business confidence into action False
Google Earth gets a mobile-friendly makeover False
New poll finds 61% of Americans think they're paying 'fair' amounts in federal income tax False
George H.W. Bush hospitalized due to 'mild case of pneumonia' False
Aqib Talib won't face punishment from NFL for 2016 shooting incident, per @TomPelissero False
If Theresa May loses the General Election in June, is #Brexit over? #premium False
Theresa May will not take part in TV debates, Number 10 insists #GeneralElection False
Danny Dyer's Cockney accent? It's more like The Only Way Is Essex, says co-star June Brown False
'The truth needs an advocate': why scientists will be marching on Saturday False
Apple preparing to launch three iPhones to celebrate the smartphone's 10th anniversary False
The D.C. mayor is on "personal travel" and her office won’t say to where False
President Trump to sign executive order targeting foreign work visas: False
9 Very Gross Food Choices You Need To Make True
Why we feel so squeezed in the skies: How flying has changed over the years False
PNG authorities investigate allegations soldiers shot at #Manus Island detainees False
Pence visits Japan, turning focus to trade with key ally. False
Assad said to be holding Syrian boy in heart-breaking photo under house arrest   via @holliesmckay #FOXNewsWorld False
Charles Schwab: Solid growth and strong earnings could keep this bull market alive False
This is a dangerous time to own emerging markets False
A beaver somehow ended up herding cattle on a ranch True
Not fake news: InfoWars' Alex Jones is a "performance artist," his lawyer says False
Daughter of man gunned down in Facebook video: "I saw the fear in my father's eyes." False
White House warns North Korea not to test U.S. resolve, offering Syria and Afghanistan strikes as examples False
.@GarySinise Awarded Walk of Fame Star For Acting, Pro-Military Activism | Read more: False
In his new book, @keithlaw says every baseball fan can agree on at least one thing...

The sac bunt is stupid. False
Islamist extremist group leader slams politicians for condemning video promoting violence against women False
11 stunning photos of iconic stars, and the stories behind how they were taken False
Mother and daughter die after becoming locked in Czech sauna False
A look at the Court Neil Gorsuch, the newest associate justice, is joining False
Fatal four-vehicle collision closes #BruceHighway near #Maryborough False
Singapore home sales surged in March to the highest in almost four years False
Texas toddler dies after being left inside hot car False
Catherine Zeta-Jones reveals what #FeudFX taught her about Hollywood's troubled Golden Age False
You may take your shoes off out of courtesy, but should you do it to avoid germs, too? False
22 memes you’ll only understand if it’s your last semester of college True
Watch Melissa McCarthy ruin Sean Spicer's week on #SNL False
Trump won't shy away from sudden strike on North Korea, sources say False
Is Donald Trump the man to promote peace with North Korea? | Mark Seddon False
Arkansas attorney general works feverishly to maintain swift execution pace False
Pres. Trump administration drops lawsuit against North Carolina over "bathroom bill" False
Man insists his "Chinese keep off the grass" sign isn't racist False
Stroke rates appear to be rising steadily in young adults False
Govt BANS @BBC for 5 years from all national parks! True
Ancient ball game gets a replay False
Democrats vie to capture House seat in Georgia where Donald Trump underperformed in November False
Ghetto talent True
WTF happened to Curt Schilling? From hero to Breitbart host True
Marine Le Pen wants to kill the European Union. But it actually helps pay her bills. False
'Night cover is almost always short-staffed. It’s terrifying': doctors on rota gaps False
21 pieces of advice anyone in a relationship could definitely use True
Liberal group launches site tracking Trump's Mar-a-Lago trips False
.@NoahCyrus finds love at a party with new song #StayTogether False
The Penguins are now up 2-0 on the Blue Jackets, who have had no answer thus far in the series: False
Penn Station broke out in hysteria after a suspect was tased: False
Fonseca, Juanes &amp; more mourn the death of Colombian singer Martin Elias False
Five-year-old boy dies after being pinned at rotating restaurant in Atlanta False
Financial spring cleaning: what to keep and what to toss after Tax Day True
Four students injured in University of Idaho explosion False
I back grammar schools because, as a working class child, I benefited hugely from them False
Live: Have questions about student loan forgiveness? Ask our personal finance columnist @ronlieber here. False
The first trailer for the next 'Star Wars' movie is here! False
The cheapest countries to buy a holiday home revealed True
17 times Chris Pratt and Anna Faris were the funniest parents on Twitter True
10 ways to get a good return on your cash without going near the stock market True
SAPVoice: Facebook and Uber reveal secrets of digital disruption True
What we can learn from North Korean military parades True
Will's Story: Where opioid abuse and the dark web intersect True
The Anti-Defamation League is offering Sean Spicer remedial Holocaust lessons False
Dave Chappelle and John Mayer pay tribute to Charlie Murphy: False
another one down True
You can take the biggest step toward building wealth in 10 minutes at your computer True
Scientists seek holy grail of climate change in Oman's hills False
Watch a Trump surrogate get shut down after calling Trump the MLK of healthcare False
Smiling Queen charms Maundy Money recipients at Leicester Cathedral False
Here is an exciting list of #movies releasing this April. #Bollywood #Hollywood #TheFateoftheFurious #Bahubali2 😃🎥🎞 False
Watch @KeithOlbermann call @realdonaldtrump a "jackass" 27 times False
The Interpreter: Why the Syrian Chemical Weapons Problem Is So Hard to Solve False
The NBA playoff bracket is now set False
Coach Cal’s best class ever?

Burning questions ahead of April signing period False
Manchester by the Sea plotline 'inspired couple to kill son' False
Future unveils "Mask Off" artwork on Instagram stories False
President Trump: “We may be at an all-time low” in relationship with Russia False
Ebola nurse Pauline Cafferkey to return to Sierra Leone for 'closure' False
Here's the reason United Airlines can kick you off your flight True
10 waterfall braid hairstyles to try this summer True
The harsh reality is that modern society is hard on night owls True
DEVELOPING: J. Geils found dead in Massachusetts home at age 71 False
Congressman who shouted "you lie" at President Obama hears the same from his constituents False
Glenn Jacobs, aka Kane, formally announced his candidacy for mayor of Knox County, Tennessee False
Joy Villa: 'I Lost Friends' After Wearing Pro-#Trump Gown to Grammys False
14 dishes you need to try before you can call yourself a D.C. foodie True
The happiest and unhappiest places to live in the UK True
CMO Today newsletter: United Airlines grapples with a PR disaster False
Steve Perry says his first solo album in 23 years is inspired by personal tragedy False
This photo of @harbhajan_singh's toddler bonding with #JontyRhodes' daughter is just too cute! 😍🤣 False
This presidential election will be decided on a coin toss True
This woman survived one of the deadliest snake attacks True
G7 says no sanctions on Russia over Syria False
Stepfather of suspect in nationwide manhunt fears 'suicide-by-cop' plot: False
Moody's warns illiquid housing assets and high debt pose a serious risk for Australia False
The 100-day watch: Why every White House meeting seems to leak  via @HowardKurtz @MediaBuzzFNC False
Eight-year-old Brody reconnected with his friend Steph Curry before serving as a ball boy at the Warriors game. False
Triple murder suspect jumps in 'apparent suicide' at Ohio courthouse False
A 66-year-old Cook County judge was fatally shot outside his home on Chicago’s south side False
'New York Times' jumps the gun, announces Pulitzer wins way before announcement False
This woman sneaking pictures of The Rock's butt is you, me, and your grandma True
The man forcibly removed from a United flight went to the hospital for his injuries False
Take the money and run: This man let his friend push the button on a slot machine and it cost him a $100,000 jackpot False
Musical talent definitely runs in these families🎶 #NationalSiblingsDay False
This doll-like dog's eyes will melt your heart False
When #natashaexelby realises that she is on live #camera, she gets a #shock of her #life! 😂😂😂 False
Pregnant woman dies after abdominal pain turns out to be skin cancer  via @TODAYshow False
Man 'ran into ocean to avoid £375 restaurant bill' False
Taiwan's companies have a new dollar to fear  via @Bfly False
Shetland Islands could go independent if Scotland leaves UK False
Dana White says a Floyd-Conor fight will happen False
Career lessons you can draw from HBO's 'Big Little Lies' True
Bernie Sanders has a podcast now, so you can "Feel the Bern" all year long. False
Stephen Colbert mocks Donald Trump Jr.'s political ambitions False
Hawaii LGBT couples lobby for equal access to fertility treatment False
Two Ohio pastors have been charged for sex crimes against children. False
Jay Z pulls his albums from Spotify False
Fighting Trump? Your best weapon is the one you least expect. True
UPDATE: #Egypt church bombings kill at least 37, injures dozens  (Pic: Reuters) False
Garden strimmers causing havoc with Britain's hedgehog population False
Jamie Kirchick explains why Marine Le Pen could win the French election @jkirchick False
All the social media news you may have missed: True
He is an #inspiration to many! 😃👍 True
Police detonate explosive device found in busy Oslo city centre street False
This young girl was found living among wild monkeys in an Indian forest, police say False
29 times the "13 Reasons Why" cast were IRL friendship goals True
28 movies and TV shows to watch if you loved "Big Little Lies” False
FBI arrests two pastors in Ohio on charges of sex trafficking of children False
Anatomy of a Tomahawk missile: Explaining the weapons the US used to strike Syria False
Top #news stories from today! True
Swimmers defy wetsuit warning ahead of hottest day of the year False
The 10 most effective ad campaigns this year True
.@LeeFossMusic's debut album #Alchemy is the spring weekend soundtrack you need False
This powerful beauty ad in India is sending a message about domestic violence False
Good morning, Twitter! (📷 via the @abcopen Pic of the Week gallery: 
 ) False
 True
Skype adds Japanese to its real-time voice translator: False
Top forecasters expect the loonie to weaken as the Fed hikes and Poloz holds False
21 people who forgot a word and just made some shit up True
Pres. Trump's airstrike order raises questions about congressional approval. False
In the battle for Trump’s heart and mind, it’s Bannon vs. Kushner False
Now here's a lesson on spotting fake news (courtesy of Facebook) False
Syria: US launches 60 Tomahawk cruise missiles in strike on military airbase near Homs – live False
.@ASAPferg and @RealRemyMa rep the "East Coast" on new song: False
Kentucky coal museum switching to solar power False
Japan's 50 Richest grow wealthier from telecom, technology and videogames False
You can poke a hole in this jacket and it’ll repair itself True
Little girl who went bald from alopecia celebrates ‘Crazy Hair Day’ False
Astronaut John Glenn's funeral ceremony is held at Arlington National Cemetery. Watch here: False
How Do You Pronounce These Harry Potter Spells? False
Xbox Scorpio: Does This Mean It's Game Over For The PS4? False
Analysis: Trump has signed twice as many bills as Obama had at this point False
Pepsi has pulled its controversial Kendall Jenner ad: "Clearly we missed the mark" False
10 things you need to know before the opening bell True
ADPVoice: 3 ways to equalize the treatment of women in the workplace True
Payless declares bankruptcy, will close 400 stores False
1 in 10 Zika-infected US moms had a fetus or baby with complications related to the virus in 2016, the CDC reports False
Pepsi has pulled its Kendall Jenner protest ad after a day of intense criticism False
This tortoise holds the secret to passing biology class. True
Syria has destroyed the taboo on chemical weapons. Here's how it can be restored #premium False
Don't let the suit fool you: Louis CK's Netflix special is everything you'd expect from him False
Trump’s EPA moves to defund programs that protect children from lead-based paint False
Panera Bread being acquired by Europe's JAB Holding Co. for more than $7 billion. False
Prospects For Tax Reform That Doesn't Spike The Deficit Are Quickly Fading False
Russia just unveiled its most powerful nuclear attack submarine yet False
Sen. Jeff Merkley (D-OR) leads 12-hour long bid to block Trump's SCOTUS pick, Neil Gorsuch False
Syrian attack strongly suggests exposure to toxic nerve agent False
Sarah Michelle Gellar opens up about 'incredible' friend Shannen Doherty False
Bob Diamond is returning to the City of London False
#TakeoverTuesday: Listen to @IggyAzalea's "Mo Bounce" playlist False
Perspective: They’ve had Redskins tickets for more than 50 years. They’ve finally had enough. True
Coming this fall True
A refugee from Congo swapped a nursing position for a dishwashing job to build a life in the U.S. False
Twenty years on, where is the legacy of Tiger Woods’ defining Masters triumph?  via @guardian_sport True
1. Kentucky
2. UNC
3. Louisville
4. Villanova
5. Florida

6-25 in our early look at 2017-18 college hoops: False
Boost for Manchester City as Gabriel Jesus makes early return to training  via @guardian_sport False
South African trade unions call for Zuma to resign False
Human leg found attached to cinder block in search for missing woman False
Doing this turns children into narcissists True
5 things to remember before #PrisonBreak returns for Season 5 on Tuesday True
Uganda at breaking point as Bidi Bidi becomes world's largest refugee camp False
Rikers Island staff overuse force, report says False
The 8 best new features Apple added to your iPhone in iOS 10.3 True
Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner pay $15,000 a month to rent their new home in D.C.'s Kalorama neighborhood False
It's time to start giving Roy Williams the credit he deserves False
A brief introduction to the leading contenders in the South Korean presidential race False
.@DalaiLama's Himalayan visit irks #China  (Pic: AP) False
Breaking: @realDonaldTrump donated his first quarter presidential salary to... False
Everything we learned from our 'Spider-man: Homecoming' set visit True
Dems have enough votes to filibuster Gorsuch, increasing odds of 'nuclear option' False
Brooklyn Beckham got his first tattoo and the internet has a lot of questions False
Yorkshire Ripper questioned over 17 unsolved crimes - including hammer attack on 14-year-old girl False
It's official: Millennials are reckless drivers True
South Africa's main opposition party starts a disciplinary process against its former leader False
This swim team has an average age of 90 — and they've come back to break records False
New Jersey mall close to signing lease for mini-city educational hangout for kids False
 False
Trump's net worth has dropped $200 million since the election   #ForbesBillionaires False
Tesla delivers quarterly record of 25,000 vehicles False
These 9 states are where taxpayers get the most for their tax dollars True
 True
This cool little inn is a wild west dude ranch for hipsters False
"On one hand, #youth are pelting #stones. On the other hand, hardworking youth are using them for nation-building. False
Scarily accurate. Sad! True
Ecuador election could determine fate of WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange False
This physically challenged girl was #raped inside #JagannathTemple by a #youth. What a SHAME!!! #news False
Climber hopes to scale Everest in half the usual time False
Large fire burns in Dubai near site of dramatic 2015 blaze False
Gonzaga, North Carolina win #FinalFour games to advance to NCAA National Championship. False
#ICYMI: Aboriginal cultural tours help people see Canberra through new eyes False
These states give you the best return for your tax dollars True
Japan's ancient art of #bonsai threatened by waning interest among youth 🌳 False
Johanna Konta claims biggest title by any British woman for 40 years as she defeats Caroline Wozniacki in Miami False
Julian Barnes: 'I told the film-makers to throw my book against a wall' False
What it's like to be a transgender teacher in Trump's America True
Venezuela reverses ruling to strip congress of legislative powers False
George Takei, who has a history of elaborate April Fools’ pranks, is not running for Congress. False
This man lost a bet, so his friends duct-taped him to a yield sign False
Trump's House Freedom Caucus tweet draws response from conservative members True
The Ducks got a surprise visit from the Mamba himself, and he blessed them with some heat 🔥 False
13 products that'll help you start your skincare routine True
#Crayola drops hints about dandelion crayon's replacement False
Dave East &amp; Beanie Sigel team up for gritty #TheRealIsBack video False
Grammar schools are now giving priority to disadvantaged pupils, new study shows False
Perspective: The beclowning of the executive branch  via @PostEverything False
Sterling’s fall lifts UK exports, figures show False
The 5 characters who are most likely die in The Walking Dead season 7 finale True
Maldivian model who appeared on the cover of Vogue commits suicide in Bangladesh False
Marco Rubio reveals he was hacked by someone inside Russia False
Palmer Luckey: Trump-supporting Oculus founder leaves Facebook False
SpaceX Chief Elon Musk sets out benefits, challenges of reusing rockets False
No need to beam up to see the wonders of space, thanks to @NASA's new online image library False
Little girl photobombed by huge venomous snake True
American Airlines pilot dies after becoming ill just before his plane landed in New Mexico. False
"This game isn’t ours, it’s America’s game — and we’re just here to protect it." 
6 baseball men who've done it all: False
#Bollywood superstar @BeingSalmanKhan is in #Maldives celebrating his nephew #Ahil's first birthday False
GDP Third-Estimate +2.1% (+2.0% expected) False
.@BlondieOfficial suspect their success at #MollyMeldrum's hands was no accident  #music False
Video shows Lake Tahoe bear approaching 2 little girls False
Jeffrey Lord accuses Democrats of "colluding" False
Talks with Chinese company seeking stake in Kushner family property in Manhattan are over: False
Things got a little heated at the House Science Committee hearing on global warming True
Florida high school flier tells women which prom dress makes them a "good girl": False
What's the latest with the uncommitted McDonald's All-Americans?

Here's the scoop:  (Insider) True
Texas House Democrat signals his bid to unseat Sen. Ted Cruz in 2018 False
Digit founder Ethan Bloch has some very simple financial advice: earn more. False
State Department employee to face charges in FBI counterintelligence investigation False
Toddler has his finger sewed to his stomach to prevent infection after a horse severed it False
Samsung DeX gadget transforms the Galaxy S8 into a PC False
Quote of the day: False
The UK's most prominent ex-ministers have warned about 'catastrophic' Brexit False
DREAMer Daniel Ramirez Medina will be released after 6 weeks in ICE custody, his lawyers say False
Seattle jogger shares the 5 self-defense tips she drew on to defeat rapist True
#Unions push for $45-a-week minimum #wage increase, #employers ask for $10 or less  #ausbiz False
Coast Guard seizes 16 tons of cocaine worth over $400M in Pacific   via @travfed False
Wells Fargo to pay $110 million to settle class-action lawsuit over fake accounts False
Shutdown threat returns after ObamaCare repeal meltdown   via @josephweber19 False
#SMF17 reveals lineup with Major Lazer, Above &amp; Beyond, RL Grime, Zeds Dead &amp; more False
Our experts rated every NBA team's front office by guidance and leadership.

The results: False
Fed-up players get controversial 'For Honor' class banned in a tournament False
🆘 @Himanshu reveals the grossest things he's ever done on the subway False
Elon Musk's new company reportedly reportedly wants to link human brains with computers False
Monkman vs Seagull: friendship is winner in University Challenge showdown False
Pricing for Regeneron's new drug is disappointing all-around—and that's a good thing False
The 300-year quest to produce most secure coin in the world True
Top House Democrats ask Devin Nunes to recuse himself from Russia investigation False
Darden's acquisition of Cheddar's is bad news for smaller restaurants looking for a buyout False
Sony just dropped another 'Spider-Man' trailer — and it looks amazing False
How posh is your fridge? Take the 'Tatler test' to find out True
Iranian centenarian stands in local elections False
MORNING BRIEF: Trump set to undo Obama's action against global warming False
Businesses issue plea to Government to embrace low-carbon future False
Watchdog finds £3bn in child support arrears may never be collected False
How to survive a 20-hour flight—without a laptop or tablet False
An extraordinarily complex and costly experiment to mimic the sun takes shape in France False
LeVar Burton, the Reading Rainbow guy, wants people to know he's not LaVar Ball False
May's 'global Britain' gets boost as Qatar looks at £5bn investment False
Ai Weiwei will build more than 100 fences around NYC for one of his biggest public art projects to date False
"The Las Vegas Raiders"

Get used to hearing that: False
22 mindblowing books for anyone who’s slightly obsessed with true crime True
27 pictures every twentysomething grandma will relate to True
Winning, winning, vvinning... True
Iran strikes back at U.S. with "reciprocal" sanctions on 15 companies False
The one question that will let you instantly read someone's personality True
A man from Cleveland made Crying Jordan-themed uniforms for his league team. False
Fan reportedly dies during live WWE event. False
One person was killed and 14 others injured during a shooting at a nightclub in Cincinnati, police say False
With the crackdown on India's buffalo meat industry, the lions of Lucknow were forced to get by on a new diet False
Donald Trump's anti-EU rhetoric 'could spark war in Balkan' False
 True
He's UNSTOPPABLE. 

ˢᵉʳᶦᵒᵘˢ ᶰᵒᵗᵉ ⁻ "ᵀʰᵃᵗ'ˢ ᴹʸ ᴮᵒʸ" ᶦˢ ᵒᶰᵉ ᵒᶠ ²⁰¹²'ˢ ᵇᵉˢᵗ ᶠᶦᶫᵐˢ, ʸᵒᵘ ˢʰᵒᵘᶫᵈ ʷᵃᵗᶜʰ ᶦᵗ True
'We've left junk everywhere': why space pollution could be humanity's next big problem False
AT LAST True
Kanye West and Kim Kardashian attend the funeral for his cousin’s infant, Avery. False
Can the sea help manage mental illness? True
Russia covered up a nuclear disaster in Kazakhstan in the 1950s that was four times worse than Chernobyl False
Here's how long you can hold onto your cosmetics (via @GMA) True
Jung Ho Kang denied U.S. visa, may not play for Pirates in 2017  via @YahooSports False
.@CyhiThePrynce says @GOODMUSIC's #CruelWinter is "really done" False
A video of her overdose went viral; after watching it, she has something to say True
Adelaide resident injured in #WestminsterAttack recovering in London hospital after foot surgery  #LondonAttacks False
U.S.-backed forces launch daring offensive to liberate dam from ISIS False
White House to spin failure of health care bill as a success False
.@theCoolxKids reunite for "TV Dinner" video (premiere) False
This is the first US delivery from Amazon’s drone publicly caught on video True
Trump starts healthcare judgment day by attacking conservative Freedom Caucus in tweets False
Markets steady as investors watch health-care bill False
Greta Garbo’s Manhattan apartment goes on the market False
China's race for AI talent is on, as the second Baidu scientist in a week leaves the tech giant False
Trump sticks to claim of widespread voter fraud, despite having no proof False
A steelworker won $100,000 in Warren Buffett’s March Madness pool. He may lose his job. False
Russian Eurovision singer could be first to compete via satellite False
Ford says its profit will fall by about 50% this quarter, due to weakness in the auto industry False
DETAILS: Utah Man Killed in London Attack While on 'Dream Vacation' With Wife False
Hollywood is getting outsized credit for seriously small moments of LGBT inclusivity False
Brie Larson to play first woman to run for president False
Outpouring of support for @JacquiLambie's emotional Senate speech on social media False
A new mom flew to Miami to get a "Brazilian butt lift." She didn’t survive the surgery. True
This ex-Google executive wants Saudi Telecom to be the next Softbank False
Here are six American single-malt whiskeys to seek out True
House intel committee chiefs spar over revelation of Trump team surveillance: False
.@Bag_Raiders soar on Billboard charts with unexpected viral hit "Shooting Stars" False
Theresa May's Vogue interview was an insult to all Brits living in poverty False
Oklahoma politician hit with child prostitution charges quits state senate False
LAPD sees drop in Latino reports of crime amid deportation fears  via @NBCLatino False
Rihanna is bringing her third #DiamondBall to New York False
It's Ewan McGregor vs. Ewan McGregor in new 'Fargo' trailer False
There’s a Prosecco-flavored edible nail polish because why not False
London Ambulance Service has "declared a major incident" in a statement False
Here is David Lidington’s statement to MPs about the attack in Westminster False
North Korea hunger: Two in five undernourished, says UN False
Rugby star filmed attack on ex-wife's 'new partner' after bugging her home to catch them together, court hears False
Waaaaah! True
Who is affected by the new flight restriction on devices, and what should you do? False
Women-only ‘pink taxis’ to hit streets of Pakistan False
#Daybreak streams LIVE every weekday morning at 7 a.m. EST right here on @Twitter! False
Trump to Republican critics of healthcare bill: ‘I’m gonna come after you’ False
Gunshot wounds cost the U.S. at least $6.6 billion from 2006-2014, new study of firearm injuries finds. False
#India has started work on developing an unmanned #combat version of the home-grown #lightcombataircraft False
Zayn Malik reveals new collab with PartyNextDoor False
e-waste: What happens to discarded televisions, computers and mobile phones? False
Hospitalizations from gunshot wounds cost $700 million a year in the US, a new study says False
Trump just signed on to send people to Mars False
This 14-year-old Latina is leading her team to the world robotics championship False
You heard it first on Breitbart dot com True
Eighty of New York's wealthiest residents are asking the state to raise their taxes. False
Twitter's hogging up your iPhone's storage. Here's how to get it back. True
Who divorced, who married and who took a gay lover? #LoveActually: what happened next, according to fan fiction True
Apple is getting rid of the iPad Air, and replacing it with this new tablet: True
This woman counts money faster than an actual machine False
Jane Austen has a surprising new fan base, according to one English professor: The alt-right False
Oklahoma state senator plans to resign following child prostitution charges, attorney says False
Dr. Larry Nassar’s fellow doctor rebuked by Michigan State University False
Man filmed his shooting death by sheriff's deputy on Facebook live True
France’s political upstart Emmanuel Macron confronts seasoned rivals in election debate False
$60 million 'Pink Star' diamond goes back on sale False
Watch #Ultra2017 on Miami festival's live stream False
US to bar passengers on non-stop flights to Middle East and N.Africa from bringing electronics on board False
People have a lot of feelings about the new Power Rangers movie featuring a queer Ranger False
These spring beauty launches are loved by Katy Perry, J.Lo &amp; more True
Judge #Gorsuch: “In my decade on the bench, I have tried to treat all who come before me fairly and with respect.” False
Liverpool and City ends all square as Arsenal collapse at West Brom – Football Weekly  via @guardian_sport False
Marine A's mum hopeful he will be free for Mother's Day False
Twitter turned an old photo of Meryl Streep into an incredible meme True
The NFL says the successful investigation, led by the FBI, also recovered Brady's Super Bowl XLIX jersey: False
Trump-Russia ties: FBI and NSA heads face grilling – watch live False
Tokyo 2020: Olympic golf venue votes to admit women as full members False
Chuck Berry: how rock 'n' roll history forgot its founding father #premium False
Thandie Newton says historical dramas 'limit' black British actors False
Here's how much extra beer and pizza you consume during #MarchMadness True
Give workers 'breathing breaks' to boost happiness, says expert False
John Wall thinks he isn’t getting the calls he should. It’s pushing him to the edge. False
Watch Katy Perry's emotional speech about coming to terms with her sexuality False
The exodus of oil-price optimists has begun as oil remains below $50 a barrel False
Manus Island, Nauru refugees fingerprinted as processing for US-Australia resettlement deal begins  #auspol #refugees False
Even @theashleygraham has days she doesn't like her body False
Wildfire in Colorado forces thousands to evacuate False
Networking site Meetup is taking a leap into the Trump resistance: False
Netflix has added a revolutionary new button True
Iconic New York Columnist Jimmy Breslin dead at 88 False
Driver arrested near White House grounds claimed to have bomb False
.@oreillyfactor Slams @HillaryClinton's Scranton Speech: 'Most Divisive Woman in the Country' False
A California waiter refused to serve 4 Latina women until he saw ‘proof of residency’ False
Dabbing makes politicians look like a stunned circus bear | Stuart Heritage True
3 US soldiers shot in Afghanistan 'insider attack' False
Jake Gyllenhaal: ‘I would love to not talk about my personal life’ False
Zoo sues studio for traumatizing raccoon used in "erotic" ad False
From @iamsrk to @KapilSharmaK9, everything from the entertainment world is just a click away! True
Rights groups to lead Paris rally against police brutality False
A feel-good 9/11 musical? "Come From Away" proves it's possible. False
Police make arrest after man shot in head on Brisbane's southside False
Hi-tech tribe True
Legendary musician Chuck Berry dead at 90: False
This is the brilliance your cable bill pays for: True
It started with a tweet -- and ended with aid for people in Somalia fighting famine via  @CaseyNeistat False
Is a man's height linked to going bald?
  via @YahooBeauty True
Video shows a beauty store manager pinning a customer accused of shoplifting True
A never-published memoir by killer Richard Hickock adds new twist to the murders in Truman Capote's 'In Cold Blood' False
Opinion: The governor’s race that could define the Democratic Party’s future, by @johnpodesta False
Comedian Artie Lange arrested over drug possession False
Investors should rethink U.S. and Europe risk, this strategist says False
A timeline of President Trump's wiretap claims False
How the Ball brothers came to rule in basketball True
Guinness castle in Dublin up for sale for $29.5 million. False
Top #news stories from the day that was True
90-year-old woman 'raped and strangled' by a teenage migrant in Germany False
More than 40 Somali refugees killed in helicopter attack off #Yemen coast, official says False
Analysis: The cynical game Sean Spicer is playing on wiretapping False
Trump tells German reporter "I'm not an isolationist," says reports that claim he is are "fake news" False
These 40 cars prove Geneva is the best auto show in the world True
Amgen's new drug prevents heart attacks and strokes, but it's still disappointing experts True
This historic $8 million Texas mansion comes with its own secret vault False
Facebook responds after report claimed police use social media data to monitor groups False
Trevor Noah has an ingenious theory about Trump's hair True
Henry Cavill announces role in 'Mission: Impossible 6' in the cheekiest possible way True
Considering a freelance career? Now is the perfect time to take the leap True
ON @GMA: 10 injured by volcanic explosion on Italy's Mount Etna: False
A shot-analyzing technology developed by Noah Basketball argues that players aiming for a swish are doing it wrong False
Do you know this man? This dine-and-dash dater strikes again False
Finding chic kids’ clothes: The new secret weapon True
Here are the winners and losers in President Trump's proposed budget False
Trump's budget would have dire effects on local and regional arts programs False
Lib Dems call for 1p income tax rise to provide NHS funding boost False
Meals on Wheels could take a funding hit in Trump budget False
Buck up Bake Off lovers, it could have been much much worse #GBBO False
Here's every artist who has defended Snoop Dogg's Trump-referencing #Lavender video False
.@Weezer's "Feels Like Summer" debuts at No. 1 on Billboard + Twitter #Trending140 chart False
'Mass Effect: Andromeda' SpaceX easter egg is awesomely nerdy False
If the travel ban has changed your plans for Nowruz, the Iranian New Year, email us: catoday@nytimes.com False
A map of the countries that eat the most meat True
A #vulnerability in the #encryption systems means #hackers can swoop in and seize control of your account. #WhatsApp False
When the Turkish foreign minister says 'holy wars will soon begin in Europe', he has a point False
Trump's budget would eliminate funding for some small, independent agencies entirely False
CCTV captures final movements of British backpacker killed in Goa False
Coral bleaching just ravaged the great barrier reef. Now it may be hit by another wave False
Hawaii judge blocks Trump's revised travel ban
 via @WSJVideo False
'Yes, I was wearing pants.' Professor dad breaks silence on viral @BBC vid True
Somebody (accidentally?) donated a cooler full of weed to Goodwill False
Two years after the DEA admitted marijuana is less dangerous than heroin, Jeff Sessions would like to reconsider False
Vibrator maker shells out millions over claims it secretly tracked user data False
Nailed it. True
Someone keeps stashing bottles of steak sauce around this library False
NEW: Fed hikes key interest rate for second time in 3 months; signals future increases will be gradual. False
This is how @imVkohli won #MichaelClarke's heart by attending #PhilHughes' funeral True
LaMarcus Aldridge cleared to resume basketball activities after minor heart arrhythmia False
Oh lawd. True
Analysis: Ethiopia boasts about its economic progress. The body count at a garbage dump tells another story. False
Jeremy Corbyn gives 'single worst performance in PMQs history' after failing to challenge National Insurance U-turn False
Here's everything we know so far about Samsung's new Galaxy S8 True
House health bill DOA unless major changes, GOP senators say False
South Korea to hold election on May 9 to choose Park successor False
Whomever President Trump nominates to replace Preet Bharara will inherit an investigation of Fox News False
Abandoned puppies rescued by Georgia trooper, K9 partner   via @travfed #FOXNewsUS False
EDM stars react to the leak of #Trump's 2005 tax return False
Russia in Colour True
Dutch election: Vote is key test for populist support False
.@AshleyJudd ‘scared’ at NCAA game when man said ‘we like Trump’ False
Finally! Joe Biden's favorite viral Obama-Biden meme revealed True
The beauty blunders that are making you appear ten years OLDER True
It's great women can be members of Muirfield – just don't make me join my husband on the course #Premium False
5 things to know about the GOP health care plan's score True
Literally just 34 hilarious tweets about "The Bachelor" finale True
"How does my covering my hair affect my performance?" — social media reacts to EU allowing workplace headscarf ban False
Trump to let media choose where he donates his salary False
Donald Trump said he would give his salary to charity. He is refusing to provide proof he has False
Teens apologize for wearing red, white, and blue to H.S. basketball game False
HSBC's new chairman Mark Tucker could lead a major shake-up of the British lender’s culture False
Department of Justice gives $8 million to help Orlando massacre victims False
The adorable March Madness good luck charm that's probably the only good reason to root for USC True
Snoop Dogg points gun at a Donald Trump clown in his new video False
Texas Democrat sticks it to Republicans by proposing masturbation fines for men False
2 former Penn State officials pleaded guilty to misdemeanor child endangerment for their roles in the Sandusky case False
6 of Rihanna's coziest looks from her #FentyxPuma line False
Larry Sanders is making a comeback after two years away from the NBA: False
This apartment with a toilet in the kitchen can be yours for just $2K a month False
An adviser to President Trump said he sent Twitter messages to Guccifer 2.0, a figure tied to Russian intelligence False
Ditch hostile approach of 'Brexit zealots', Europhile Tories urge ministers False
18 memes only super sensitive people will relate to True
'Boaty McBoatface' makes its maiden voyage to explore Antarctic waters False
Heavy snow likely in D.C. area Monday night, paralyzing blizzard from New York to Boston False
I'll take "Hyperbolic promises that will come back to bite you" for 200, Alex. False
Arnold Schwarzenegger to Senate believers: I won't be back False
Wintry wallop: Northeast faces potentially historic blizzard False
A few months ago, virtually no one expected the Fed to raise interest rates this week. Now, almost everyone does. False
Huawei P10 is simultaneously good and really boring False
Here's how much millionaires would save under the GOP Obamacare repeal bill False
Here's why Facebook tracks internet outages around the world True
Some ridiculously easy recipes for when you've lost an hour of sleep True
A look back on the week in politics -- in photos False
Schizophrenia risk for babies of pregnant mothers on diets False
2 die in crush at massive Argentine rock concert False
Grief-stricken baby monkey 'weeps' over its mother's body after she was hit crossing a road False
Here's how many hours hedge funders worked in 2016 True
The seven simple money-saving hacks that could save you THOUSANDS a year True
"Being the US Attorney in SDNY will forever be the greatest honor of my professional life," Preet Bharara tweeted False
This BBC interview went horribly wrong in an amazing way True
Morgan StanleyVoice: Should investors party like it's 1999? True
Haiti says final farewell to former president Rene Preval False
Tim Berners-Lee calls for tighter regulation of online political advertising False
Guice cold!

LSU RB heads into 2017 as one of the more dangerous big-play players False
8 completely brilliant women who literally saved our asses False
Man arrested for breaching White House complex False
How to use Gmail templates to answer emails faster True
He ordered for an #iPhone6s for 36,000, but got a box of papers instead! :o #Fraud True
Finally, a VR chair that won't make you sick True
Attorney General Jeff Sessions requests 46 U.S. attorneys to resign False
Manhattan rents decline for every apartment size False
Here are 3 ways the euro could break up - and 3 ways it could be saved True
Opinion: South Korea shows the world how democracy is done False
Panteon Rococo &amp; Antidoping cancel L.A. Skanking Reggae Fest appearance due to visa issues False
24 Catholic tweets that will make you laugh so hard you’ll have to go to confession True
Real-life horror at Kong: Skull Island Vietnam premiere True
5 things Trump is doing that liberals probably actually like False
Dave Chappelle makes rare public appearance to advocate for police reform at town hall False
Kirk Cousins signs his franchise tender, per @MikeMcCartney7 False
Report: Members of military branches besides Marines also shared illicit photos of female colleagues without consent False
me irl True
"I am so old I don't really care about the radiation levels," said a man who reopened a shop in Fukushima False
"Is that not correct?": Male GOP lawmaker asks why men should pay for prenatal coverage False
Study points to India as Asia's most corrupt country, with Japan coming in last False
Ted Cruz brings daughters to meet Donald Trump, who insulted their mother and grandfather False
9 cult skincare products that really and truly work True
Retail chains are floundering and it's not because of Amazon True
Surgeons remove 6cm needle from terrified toddler’s stomach after it punctured his skin False
'Overwatch' reveals one of its playable characters is on the autism spectrum True
Friar dog adopted by Franciscan monks in Bolivia becomes online sensation. False
Why 2017 is the year to visit Kathmandu True
Russia's RT network: Is it more BBC or KGB? False
CenturyLinkVoice: Operational excellence: By the book False
Womp. True
This Nora Ephron speech is for women who think feminism doesn't apply to them False
Cops have arrested a man in Nashville for putting his mom's dog in a trash compactor False
A wealth divide is spurring the rise of Trump-style populism in Australia False
Bitcoin dives after China's 3 biggest exchanges say they'll keep blocking withdrawals False
Is this the mobile home for the apocalypse? True
Perspective: These agencies helped make America great in the first place. It’s time to double down. False
.@MikeShinoda is heading to Cannes: #Midem taps Linkin Park artist as keynote False
Construction worker in China cheats death after being impaled by a steel rod in the head False
On International Women’s Day, to those who say we live in a post-feminist society, get real False
Texas executes hitman who killed woman for $2,000 False
.@Charli_XCX premieres 3 songs from new mixtape "Number 1 Angel" False
Drunk #Mercedes owner hit-and-run accused finally arrested. False
Pheromones marketed in perfumes may not work as intended, researchers say  (Pic: Reuters) False
"I'm a vigorous advocate for the cause of unity" - Noni Hazlehurst
 #IWD2017 False
White House calls reported Trump meeting with Russian ambassador "absurd." False
Jaguar pushes cool cars as the prospect of a trade war looms False
At least 4 dead after train struck bus carrying senior citizens in Mississippi False
The Trump administration hasn’t been shy about taking credit for the market’s rally. Perhaps it should be. False
We're about to find out just how much girls run the world True
HHS Secretary Tom Price discusses #ObamaCare replacement bill at White House press briefing False
Perspective: This man could soon be handling America’s most politically charged investigation True
Toyota is releasing self-driving technology in two waves. The first: cars that don't crash False
Here are the photos that show Obama’s inauguration crowd was bigger than Trump’s False
A new Game of Thrones season 7 teaser has found its way online False
No receipts for your taxes? Might not be a problem False
Under fire True
The look. The skills. The mouth. Cody Garbrandt has it all #BRmag False
Could YOU live without sex? True
The league is in good hands with the next wave of stars False
We talked to local teachers about their biggest threats, including Betsy Devos: False
These are 7 guilt-free purchases for your home that are definitely worth the extra cost True
AG Sessions: "The U.S. has a right to control who enters our country and to keep out those who would do us harm" False
David Letterman addresses Jimmy Fallon's hair-tousling Trump interview. False
Google Home spreads bizarre conspiracy theory about Barack Obama True
Ed Sheeran's #Divide smashes Spotify records for first-day streams False
Embattled ex-California mayor arrested at airport on numerous charges True
Streets ahead: your art on the theme of quality False
Imelda Staunton is right: eating in your seat is a crime against theatre False
Trump to reportedly sign revised travel ban order False
Surge in children being admitted to hospital for sleeping disorders with many kept awake by technology False
The world's oldest aircraft carrier in active service, #INSViraat, will be decommissioned today. False
Group of Marines under investigation by the Defense Department for sharing nude photos. False
He's the second-oldest world champion in WWE history: True
BBC forced to apologise after wrongly announcing The Fall star Mark E. Smith's DEATH in epic Twitter blunder False
#Retail sales tick higher, ANZ job ads dip  #employment False
#FeudFX is about so much more than Hollywood's most infamous catfight: False
Breaking News: FBI chief asked Justice officials to reject Trump’s claim that Obama tapped phones. The agency hasn't False
Afghan family with US visas unlawfully detained at airport for several days False
This girl celebrated the iconic way she came out and it’s perfect False
Kellyanne Conway makes mistakes, just like the Oscars, says Kellyanne Conway False
Analysis: Pelosi punts on Democrat’s joke about Kellyanne Conway looking "familiar" kneeling on White House couch False
It's time to take a serious look at Mexico City for luxury getaways False
Suzanne Somers wants to make alternative medicine affordable  via @YahooBeauty False
China flexes its muscles as Trump presses 'America First' agenda False
Somalia: 110 dead from hunger in past 48 hours in drought False
China’s premier maps out cautious economic course False
This will prove to you that age is just a number. :D #fitnessmotivation True
Jaguars, Raiders interested in TE Martellus Bennett, per @BostonGlobe False
Justin Trudeau to Attend Broadway Musical ‘Come From Away’ False
Opinion: Federal prosecutors have brought charges in cases far less serious than Sessions’s False
Kundan Chandrawat has been sacked! False
Here’s what the liquid on top of your yogurt is — and why you should stop pouring it out True
One Direction's @Louis_Tomlinson arrested over airport altercation False
Donald Trump accuses Obama of 'wire-tapping' his office before election False
This teenager used to walk miles to work to take care of his mother, then everything changed True
Somewhere, Taylor Swift is interpretive dancing to Lorde's #GreenLight False
#LatinConnection Podcast: @yuritaflowers talks dream collabs, U.S. tour &amp; more False
The latest hold-up in the Republicans' plan to repeal and replace Obamacare True
"A long long time ago" (17 years to be exact) Madonna covered Don McLean's "American Pie" False
Watch the intense moment an eagle with a GoPro camera catches a fox True
Watch: #Logan @RealHughJackman has a 'special message' for team #cricket #India against #Australia! True
Stream Ed Sheeran's third studio album, '÷'. False
MS-13 gang accused of New York murders False
A delivery man just became one of the richest people in China True
Sweden to reintroduce military conscription over conflict fears in Eastern Europe False
Rick Perry was confirmed as head of Energy Department, an agency he pledged as a presidential candidate to eliminate False
This Facebook message prank is a genius way to troll your friends True
This little $200 AI umpire could change the way you play tennis True
U.S. officials confirm there were American airstrikes in Yemen overnight targeting al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula False
EU: Countries should detain migrants with no case for asylum to prevent from running away False
Western Force take down Queensland #Reds despite try hat-trick (Pic: AAP) #SuperRugby #sport False
McDonald's hints that it will test delivery service in the US, Canada, France, Germany and the UK False
Attorney General Jeff Sessions twice met with Russian ambassador in 2016 despite denial. False
Snapchat IPO: Firm valued at $24bn despite losses False
Why India may have to wait longer to overtake China as the world's most populous nation False
Peep the Ultra Boost 3.1: False
Oprah Winfrey for president? 'Now I'm thinking' False
Analysis: Despite raves for style, Trump’s speech gives GOP little to chew on False
President Trump's speech to Congress breaks record False
FINALLY. True
People are trolling CNN for not including any women in their "future of media" cover story False
Which Donald Trump is real? True
Vince Carter ejected for throwing elbow at Devin Booker’s head False
This Monmouth fan wrote letters to all 30 NBA teams to draft her favorite player False
Premiere: Listen to @MeekMill's street anthem "King" off @ethika's new 'RGB' mixtape. False
Patton Oswalt had a lot to say about President Trump's first #JointAddress speech True
“It is not compassionate, but reckless, to allow uncontrolled entry from places where proper vetting cannot occur.” False
Donald Trump suggests Jews might secretly be committing anti-Semitic hate crimes on themselves so he looks bad False
#Kerala police have arrested Father Robin Vaddakumchiryil, a Christian priest accused of raping a minor girl False
Australian economy grows 1.1pc in December quarter, recession averted  #ausbiz False
LG Electronics to build $250 million home appliance plant in US False
A volcano just erupted in Europe and the footage is amazing False
Uber claims written English test will put thousands of drivers out of work False
The White House announced that 6 special guests will sit with Melania Trump at Pres. Trump’s speech tonight False
SpaceX's plan to send two citizens to the Moon faces economic and technical challenges False
Kansas? Too reliant on Frank Mason.

UCLA? Defense.

Why your team isn't going to the Final Four: False
Perspective: "Nurturing the father-daughter relationship I didn’t have"  via @onparenting False
The Man is trying to shut down the Cannabis Cup. True
Was this tweet the reason 'La La Land' was mistakenly announced as Best Picture? True
Is @djkhaled cookin' up another banger with @Migos, @chancetherapper, and @justinbieber? True
Moon shot! SpaceX announces plans to send 2 'private citizens' around moon   via @fxnscitech False
New wave of anti-Semitic bomb threats rattles the U.S. False
Brain scans help predict the stories we're most likely to share False
Spring bloom is coming early, and not just for D.C.’s cherry blossoms False
Oscar’s biggest loser finally wins... on 21st try True
Brothel where customers pay £100 an hour for sex with DOLLS opens in Spain False
WATCH LIVE: Press Sec. Sean Spicer holds daily press briefing False
The unique way 200 storm chasers honored "Twister" star Bill Paxton False
The Oscars are over, but the legal battle over those red carpet gowns is about to begin False
#Tennis Australia 🎾 to set up help line for alleged victims of abuse False
Lessons from Japan: Deflation, when it takes hold, is almost impossible to budge. False
Brace for bitcoin carnage if the Winklevoss twins are disappointed  via @Bfly False
Warren Buffett says his Berkshire Hathaway more than doubled its stake in Apple since the start of the year False
Rio dancer wearing just body paint shows off a bit more than intended on live TV True
J.C. Penney closing up to 140 stores False
Social media explodes after best picture mix-up.  #Oscars False
Viola Davis's Oscar acceptance speech was "beautiful and damning" False
Kansas community tries to heal from deadly bar shooting False
#Nauru and #ManusIsland refugees yet to be vetted under US-Australia deal  #auspol False
Ryan Gosling wore a ruffled shirt to the Oscars and honestly, I’m here for it False
When will you get the #NBN? True
22 self-made women who are the literal definition of black girl magic False
Jesse James is now selling a $85,000 gun that has a piece of the Statue of Liberty in it False
The iconic Nokia brick phone is back False
"The People's Court" judge Joseph Wapner dies at 97 False
Andrew Bogut reportedly expected to join Cavs once he receives buyout from 76ers False
Life comes at you fast. True
Actor Bill Paxton dead at 61 False
North Korean leader’s half brother suffered a ‘very painful death’ within 20 minutes, Malaysian officials say False
Church closure threatens masterpiece by Jewish artist who fled Nazis False
The usually mild-mannered French president had a pointed reproach for President Trump False
Lake created by coal waste landslide floods Bosnian highway False
Trump claims he saved a billion dollars on Air Force One. The military don't know what he's talking about False
Bad hospital design is making us sicker False
Mom to carry baby without brain to full term to donate organs False
Israeli premier calls 1st visit to Australia 'wonderful' False
Vehicle hits crowd at New Orleans parade False
Crews working on an English harbor found a 500-lb unexploded German World War II-era bomb False
No Democratic Party chair winner in first round of balloting False
Twitter user hacked John Legend's account to threaten Trump and thirst after Hillary. True
Letters of hope and love dropped on trapped civilians in Mosul as Isis resists advance False
All of @ChinoyNacho's hits on Hot Latin Songs chart False
Trump national security adviser wants to avoid term 'radical Islamic terrorism', sources say False
The Trump-Like Figures Popping Up in Central Europe False
How to make Dorie Greenspan’s cheese and bacon apéro quick bread True
Indonesian President #JokoWidodo urges businesses to invest outside traditional locations False
Jay Z's new venture capital fund should come as no surprise False
Terror threat True
.@ICP's Violent J talks duo's solo albums, Juggalos' Washington march &amp; big plans for 2018 False
At base in Syria, U.S. forces are helping Syrians prepare to liberate Raqqa: False
Turner wins Champions League TV rights for $180 million, sources say False
To the victor go the spoils 🏆

Javier Baez shows up to spring training with some fresh ink False
Iowa lawmaker pushes bill to get more GOP professors on college campuses False
Paul George survived the trade deadline. Now what? False
Even for Trump fans who aren't keen on Haley, she's been impressive so far in this new gig. False
This is what the Academy Awards looked like in 1997 False
German secret service spied on journalists for more than a DECADE  False
Fascinating examples of how baby animals survive by eating each other, or their mother True
"You have to understand how important this moment of your history is." True
Beyoncé drops out of Coachella performance False
We need to talk about 2017 Justin Bieber False
New DNA technology could help solve jogger's slaying, investigators say False
Just 7 pictures of Paul Nuttall looking slightly miffed True
Richard Spencer calls Depeche Mode 'the official band of the alt-right', band immediately denounces him False
Bruno Mars returns to No. 1 on the #Artist100 chart after Grammys performances False
GM, tech industry at loggerheads over self-driving cars False
South Africa anti-foreigner protesters clash with police False
Topless protester grapples with security guards as she is carried out of a Marine Le Pen press conference False
If this woman isn't the luckiest person alive, then we don't know who is True
An ancient civilisation in the Americas passed on power only to those born from elite women, new DNA evidence shows True
Jeffrey Dean Morgan responds to "racist" T-shirt controversy False
Disabled veteran, beaten for trying to save turtle's life, gets big surprise True
Timberwolves reportedly “balked” at the finish line to trade Ricky Rubio for Derrick Rose False
#ICYMI: Top #news stories from the day True
9 companies in the UK that offer employees unlimited time off False
Elijah Wood and Melanie Lynskey talk about their unique new Netflix movie False
NJ school apologizes after including fried chicken on special Black History Month lunch menu False
These future applications of high-performance computing will make your head spin: True
#NawazuddinSiddiqui's #Manto biopic will make you respect him even more False
Headteachers should stop whinging about funding cuts and curb 'largesse', Sir Michael Wilshaw says False
British startup bank Monzo turns to Joshua Kushner, brother of Jared Kushner False
Surely THIS True
Is this newly discovered solar system proof we're not alone? True
Syracuse gets huge upset win over Duke with buzzer-beater False
Crown reports a fall in underlying revenue amid a slump in VIP gamblers at its Australian casinos False
Astronomers discover 7 potentially habitable exoplanets orbiting nearby dwarf star False
Where Apple ranks in Warren Buffett's porfolio: True
Air Force faces pilot shortage, but training is a challenge False
Chris Brown's ex-girlfriend Karrueche Tran claims he threatened to kill her False
Volkswagen buybacks fill showrooms; trick is getting owners to stay False
WATCH LIVE: VP Pence visits vandalized Jewish cemetery in St. Louis False
Fuel cell cars emit nothing but water – brewing tea is the next logical step False
Personalities can transform almost beyond recognition over a lifetime, study finds  #personality #psychology False
Camila Cabello teams up with J Balvin &amp; Pitbull, teases collab on Instagram False
An 'honest' Oscar voter has some very hot takes on this year's nominees False
Russian billionaire's £360 million superyacht is released from three-day seizure False
You Truly Are 100% Emo If You Can Finish These Lyrics True
What is yoga? You asked Google – here’s the answer | Swami Ambikananda Saraswati False
Divisive political rhetoric a danger to the world, Amnesty says False
Jewish human rights group calls for special probe into anti-Semitic bomb threats False
49 people tell us when they realized being open about their sexuality mattered True
Dallas' 'Dr. Death' gets life in prison over botched surgery   via @foxnewshealth False
 True
There's an app that could save you from the drama of sneaker release dates True
Lakers place Magic Johnson in charge of basketball operations in major shake-up False
Diagnostic medical sonographer is the least stressful job of 2017. See more: False
RIP. True
Mel B celebrates her final "Chicago" Broadway show with a Spice Girls shout-out False
One last ride. True
West Virginia’s Bob Huggins has scary moment when defibrillator goes off during game False
Maryland falls to Ohio State, misses chance to clinch Big Ten regular season title False
'It's almost word-for-word Trump': Germany's Social Democrats leader launches attack False
EE balloons and drones to help fix mobile blackspots False
China’s move to ban fentanyl could help curb drug addiction crisis in US   via @Liz_Llorente False
New Day says ‘zero chance’ they’d leave WWE to fight in UFC

🎥: False
By 2025, 75% of global workers will be millennials False
This brewery lets its staff go on paw-ternity leave when they get a new dog 🐶 🍺 True
Pres. Trump plays full 18 holes of golf with professional golfer Rory McIlroy in Florida: False
Former MLB pitcher drank vodka before a game to deal with the yips  via @NBCSports False
Trump names Army Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster as new national security adviser False
Startup @nikolamotor aims to be the first to get hydrogen trucks on the road False
EU migrants with British children terrified Brexit will tear families apart False
Damian Lewis and Paul Giamatti explain why ‘Billions’ Season 2 is more relevant than ever False
Alt-right 'supervillain' True
People are sharing #DisabledAndCute photos and it’s beautifully empowering False
After 15 years as GE CEO, Jeff Immelt shows no signs of slowing but investors wonder aloud about succession plans False
Kim Jong-Un’s brother seen on CCTV telling airport staff he has just been poisoned False
National Trust blamed for visitors urinating on Avebury stones after deciding to close loos at 4pm False
James Blunt returns – this time with added Carrie Fisher gossip False
Marine Le Pen is taking her first meeting with a foreign head of state False
6 rape cases a day. That's #shameful! #Delhi False
Theresa May set to attend House of Lords Article 50 debate in person False
London Underground Night Tube drivers to vote on strike action in pay dispute False
Kid skips school to see @springsteen and ends up performing with him False
Mike Pence leaves Europeans wondering how much they should start doing on their own False
Ivan Koloff, the "Russian Bear" and supreme wrestling heel, has died age 74 False
The number of hate groups in the U.S. grew in 2016 for a 2nd year in a row, with anti-Muslim groups growing the most False
Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook, turning back the clock. False
An 11-year-old Girl Scout takes on the mantle of truth in advertising: True
Setting the record straight about IRAs: True
Swedish tabloid ethers Trump after he referenced a fake terror attack in Sweden. False
SpaceX sticks daytime rocket landing back on Earth after launch to space False
Mexico's government is preparing to go against the U.S. revamp of NAFTA: False
Health companies think fat-freezing is the new botox False
The Strange Case Of The Russian Diplomat Who Got His Head Smashed In On Election Day True
'Plan Bee' is a personal robotic bee designed to mimic how bees pollinate flowers and crops False
27 songs from 2007 you definitely had on your iPod True
NYPD psychologist admits she  shot her sleeping husband in 2013 False
Theresa May must not falter in tackling domestic violence | Barbara Ellen False
24 underrated tourist attractions you need to see instead of the usual ones True
Tinder is about to look a lot like Snapchat. False
5 fall beauty trends you can rock right now  via @YahooBeauty True
Brace for a third day of storm activity, @BOM_NSW warns residents #NSWweather #SydneyStorm False
21 theories about Jack’s storyline on "This Is Us” True
New York bomb plot mastermind Omar Abdel Rahman dies in prison False
ICYMI: Kyrie Irving reiterated his Earth-is-flat view to @ArashMarkazi.

"I don't mind going against the grain." False
Russia must be held accountable for Ukraine, says Mike Pence False
Bill Maher just made a very serious point about the Trump "circus" ➡️ by @lee_moran True
James Earl Jones and Donald Glover to star in live-action Lion King remake False
Florida man arrested for plotting to bomb Target stores so company's stock would plunge False
McCain attacks Trump administration and inability to 'separate truth from lies' False
City of Delphi, Indiana, left heartbroken and rattled by murders of 2 teenage girls False
Hundreds of hay bales delivered to fire-affected farmers from across Australia False
Watch these politicians morph into their 'SNL' characters False
Face transplant recipient overwhelmed by result True
Man's prediction of a Trump presidency in 2012 saves him $2000. False
An 87-year-old woman trolls Trump from the grave with her obituary False
Pistons, Magic reportedly discussed a trade involving Reggie Jackson and Jeff Green False
These 7 FinTech companies are helping millennials dominate their finances this year: True
German parents told to destroy doll that can spy on children False
Man jailed for shooting cats in Surrey False
Snapchat just released a 35-min video explaining why they're worth $20B True
Campbell is sinking after sales fall more than expected False
If you want to be a CEO, it helps to look the part, a study finds False
Oh no! 😂

Twitter didn’t hold back on the Warriors for All-Star photo shoot True
Jets' Darrelle Revis reportedly charged with 4 felonies after altercation in Pittsburgh False
Jack Dorsey has two explanations for Twitter's user growth problem: False
Jennifer Lopez, Bruno Mars &amp; more top stars betting on new Las Vegas venues False
Fake news story claims Bill Gates believes Trump will be "one of the greatest presidents." False
Chaffetz seeks to charge ex-Clinton aide in email inquiry False
Not again 😂

Twitter goes in on the Warriors for All-Star photo shoot False
This Silicon Valley couple saves animals from slaughter — take a look inside their farm True
“Because her own family comes from India and she has very good English, she has been involved in refugee aid.” False
Can Trump make good on his pledge to prosecute leaks?  via @YahooNews False
Leopoldo Lopez: Venezuela court upholds 14-year prison sentence False
University of Glasgow gets green light for £1 billion expansion project False
A tough guy on the field? Sure.

But another side of the late Royals ace included bonding with children with cancer: False
Church of England gay marriage vote thrown into chaos after members 'get confused and press the wrong button' False
"Day without immigrants'" protests are being held across the U.S. False
Stephen Colbert turned "The Usual Suspects" into a thriller about Trump aides’ contact with Russian officials False
Walmart is buying outdoor gear brand Moosejaw for $51 million False
Metallica's James Hetfield was "livid" over their #Grammys False
Lucky toddler stars in her very own 'Beauty and the Beast' photoshoot False
Liverpool Mayor calls on Paul Nuttall to resign as MEP for region amid Hillsborough controversy False
Phoenix City Council turns down petition to adopt sanctuary city status. False
U.S. officials have withheld sensitive intelligence from Trump over concerns it could be leaked or compromised False
Fox News is under federal investigation over Roger Ailes settlement payments False
Flynn's access to classified info suspended after resignation   via @foxnewspolitics False
More than 55,000 bridges in the U.S. have been deemed deficient, report finds. False
The Manhattan U.S. Attorney’s office is conducting a criminal investigation into Fox News, sources tell ABC News. False
So, which is your favourite picture? #Travelgram #TravelPics #Instagram #picoftheday True
Malaysian airport assassination focuses new attention on North Korean leader False
As car crash deaths rise, experts say "we're not doing the right things" to prevent them: True
The Strange Case Of The Russian Diplomat Who Got His Head Smashed In On Election Day True
Seattle judge demands an explanation after undocumented 'dreamer' arrested False
Lars Ulrich says Metallica singer James Hetfield was "livid" after his Grammys mic mishap False
Chelsea Manning fundraiser garners more than $83,000 in one week  via @NBCOUT False
We're honoring the mullet today on Jaromir Jagr's birthday. 🏒 False
23 photos of Golden Retriever puppies that’ll warm even the most cynical of hearts True
OPEC and its allies promised oil output cuts. Here's the reality False
President Trump's immigration crackdown has triggered anxiety across farms in the U.S. False
Analysis: A conspiracy theory-spreading website now has a seat in the White House briefing room True
"If he lied to Pence, then, okay, there’s a reason for Flynn to be in trouble..." False
Only 45 days. True
.@realDonaldTrump administration has blacklisted #Venezuela’s Vice President Tareck El Aissami for drug trafficking. False
James White forgot to keep the football he scored the Super Bowl-winning touchdown with, but luckily it wasn't lost. False
Prosecutors again seek to arrest Samsung's Lee, citing new allegations of bribery False
Ivanka Trump's Facebook post kicks off debate about 'true feminism'  via @YahooStyle False
University is still a white middle-class affair – it’s not just Cambridge | Franklyn Addo False
Oklahoma lawmaker wants men to approve abortion, calls women 'hosts' False
A submission to the @IntlCrimCourt argues Australia's offshore detention could constitute a crime against humanity False
Meet Weezy -the frightened dog. Her life changed when she met her #human brother! - False
Thank you for being a friend, “Golden Girls,” and for finally being available to stream False
Steve Mnuchin confirmed as Treasury Secretary. #Tucker False
Raiders' Aldon Smith reportedly under investigation for domestic violence incident False
Embracing the cupcake 🍰

Wanda Durant rocks cupcake shirt, speaks on KD’s return to OKC False
This is how humans are damaging #Earth! True
Apple's Tim Cook says this technology could have as big an impact as the iPhone True
Cable news sure could talk to more Muslims about the Muslim ban False
Lin-Manuel captioned a picture with J.K. Rowling with A “Harry Potter” quote False
Any lefties remember how you guys felt about the "Obama/anti-colonialism" theories in his first term? False
Lady Gaga and Metallica's Grammy act had some technical difficulties False
Boy released as another is arrested over killing of Leeds teenager False
Oil companies’ hottest market is running low on fuel False
18th-century general store with 'cursed' history seeks new owner  #FoxNewsUs False
Adele forced to restart tribute to George Michael after hitch during 'Fastlove' performance False
Adele's "Hello" just won the Grammy for song of the year. See our list of winners so far. True
To address STEM shortage, U.S. employers need talented immigrants False
Today in Trump: Your daily guide to what's happening in the Trump administration False
Newsmax CEO and Trump friend blames Reince Priebus for rocky start False
The next Facebook? Wall Street sizes up Snap’s IPO True
The Department of Education misspells apology for misspelling W.E.B. Du Bois' name False
Body of Ku Klux Klan leader who had been missing for several days found on Missouri riverbank, police say False
SNL spoofs Kellyanne Conway's obsession with Jake Tapper and the spotlight. False
How 100 years have shaped western beauty beyond recognition False
Donald Trump’s state visit could be moved from London to Birmingham False
Aftershocks rattle survivors after Philippine quake kills 8 False
How Microsoft avoided billions in taxes, and what the GOP says it will do about it False
Watch Donald Trump (well, Alec Baldwin) enter the People's Court on #SNL. False
Our 2017 Tax Guide is here to help you conquer your 2016 forms: False
Toll-collecting agencies step up enforcement False
Anthony Bourdain and Eric Ripert share their best travel advice
\ True
ISIS uses drones to drop bombs on Iraqi army tanks in Mosul False
.@seanhannity: 'The Left Is in a Pre-9/11 Mentality' False
A partner at Dan Loeb's Third Point has left False
Lawmaker: UK Speaker should quit for criticizing Trump False
More Patriots drop out of White House visit  via @YahooSports False
Lawyers for Charleston church shooter Dylann Roof file motion for new trial False
How skiing is going green in Chamonix False
Only a bear and a lion remain at Mosul Zoo held by ISIS False
Staggering likely cost of Trump's border wall True
Shadowy Portuguese hacker who rocked Brand Beckham with email expose is now on the run False
The true story of the five year old who gave birth True
As medical costs overwhelm, more people turn to crowdfunding sites for help  via @YahooFinance False
Trump's back at it again with the weird, uncomfortable handshakes False
Oil jumps after OPEC achieves a record 90% of output cuts False
Trump urges Israel to 'act reasonably' on settlements False
Kellyanne Conway prompts ethics questions after promoting Ivanka Trump merchandise False
Immigrant mother deported to Mexico amid Phoenix protests, lawyer says: False
Badass ballerina Misty Copeland rebuts Under Armour CEO's praise of Trump: False
Man attacked with 'corrosive substance' at London tube station during rush hour False
21 Instant Pot dinner ideas you need to try True
Attorney General Sessions vows to end migrant 'lawlessness' False
Kellyanne Conway just told everybody to "go buy Ivanka’s stuff" False
Racist emails sent to Michigan students were forged, university says False
Wife of Russian dissident blames Kremlin for husband's mysterious illness False
ICYMI: Charles Oakley was escorted out of MSG and arrested after a reported incident with Knicks owner James Dolan. False
.@Reba's "Back to God" blasts 17-1 on Billboard's Hot Christian Songs chart False
Police in #Thailand have charged an Australian man over a jet-ski collision that killed his 20-year-old girlfriend False
Phoenix man sentenced to 30 years in Texas cartoon contest attack False
Can't wait for all the apologies from people pushing Robert Reich's "false flag" theory! False
US man gets 30 years for helping plot IS attack in Texas False
NEW: 9th Circuit will not issue decision today regarding temporary halt to Pres. Trump's immigration order False
Katy Perry leaves chained disco balls (playing her new single) in various cities False
New Orleans woman survives tornado hiding in bathtub: "I just started praying" False
#IndianNavy can't wait for naval LCA anymore, looking for 57 new fighters for aircraft carriers False
Federal lawsuit claims Kentucky jail unlawfully imprisoned hundreds of inmates False
'Age is just a number': Christie Brinkley poses for Sports Illustrated aged 63 False
Social Democrat candidate for German chancellor Martin Schulz finds a rallying cry: Trump False
President Donald Trump: I only get 4-5 hours of sleep False
Our articles on the terror attacks the White House says weren’t covered True
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has shaken up his Indigenous Advisory Council False
The gruelling life of a Kurdish smuggler False
"Top Chef" alum Mark Simmons gets political on receipts: Immigrants cooked your food False
South Korea's political scandals have overshadowed preparations for the 2018 Winter Games False
Immigrants caught entering the U.S. illegally have no right to legal representation, federal appeals court rules False
Did Melissa McCarthy upset Trump more than Alec Baldwin? False
LISTEN LIVE: 9th Circuit Court of Appeals hears challenge to Pres. Trump's immigration order False
The greatest National Trust properties – according to the experts True
.@BrantleyGilbert, @ThomasRhett collect new Country chart No. 1s False
Hungary announces it will detain all new migrants in camps until their asylum applications have been processed False
"I wouldn't feel safe or welcome on the campus." True
How West Papua's gold rush has created a wasteland False
Lady Gaga's sales surge 1,000 percent after halftime show: False
India activist Kailash Satyarthi's Nobel medal stolen from home False
In YouTube videos, Chicago woman takes blame for her mother's murder in Bali: False
Sweet short film about a couple is a actually hearing test in disguise False
Baylor strength coach arrested on prostitution charge False
Weed prices are falling thanks to legalization: False
Why did WA Police leave a traumatised Aboriginal family stranded? @RadioNational True
#ICYMI: The veiled political statement in @ladygaga's #Superbowl performance  (Pic: AP) False
LeBron reportedly “pushing” Cavs to trade for Melo, even if it means giving up Kevin Love False
Subway commuters scrub anti-Semitic graffiti False
Eddie Jones warns England players not to use Cardiff effect as an excuse  via @guardian_sport False
Why you SHOULD be selfish at work True
How House and Senate Republicans have learned to deal with President Trump, in 4 simple reactions True
Lady Gaga had the perfect platform to send a message to Trump, and she failed us False
First-ever overtime Super Bowl attracts 111.3 million TV viewers False
Incubus' new album includes Skrillex collab False
These brothers were forced out by Trump’s executive order. On Monday, they moved to the U.S. True
Tom Brady dedicates Super Bowl LI win to his ailing mother, Galynn False
It's still hard to believe they did it.

@billbarnwell tries to explain: True
Goldman Sachs says the Trump rally has been curbed False
'We fear soldiers more than gangsters': El Salvador's 'iron fist' policy turns deadly False
#ICYMI: @corybernardi to split with Coalition to form Australian Conservatives party False
George H.W. Bush and wife Barbara take part in #SuperBowl coin toss - a week after being released from hospital False
Nick Xenophon: @CoryBernardi will be shocked by crossbench workload should he defect from the Liberal PArty  #auspol False
The best and worst of #SuperBowl commercials: We're grading them as they happen True
Andrew Haldenby: AI will soon replace hundreds of thousands of public sector workers – and that's a good thing False
Super Bowl ticket prices down 15% this year, even as sales are up 25%, StubHub says False
Nicki Minaj posts a joking pregnancy photo, and, as expected, Twitter lost it. True
United Arab Emirates sees rare snowfall False
WHERE ARE THEY NOW? The 6 quarterbacks drafted before Tom Brady in the 2000 NFL Draft True
Toni Erdmann review – talk about embarrassing parents… False
Falcons center Alex Mack will play in #SuperBowl LI with a leg fracture he suffered in the NFC Championship Game: False
Not since the Reagan administration has Congress moved so quickly to reverse so many federal regulations False
The Washington Post walks back report of Steve Bannon "confrontation" False
23 tweets so relatable you’ll think you wrote them yourself True
'Paragon of beauty' True
Muslim police officer says fellow cops attacked her, tried to rip off hijab False
Iranian baby will be allowed into US for emergency procedure False
The "Grey’s Anatomy" cast re-created that Beyoncé pregnancy shoot, because why not False
The Kids’ Choice Awards are fine with The Weeknd trashing them. False
What you need to know if you plan on placing a wager, making a pick, or just want to sound smart during your party: True
Study finds a single weekend camping trip can help people get to sleep earlier False
New Yorkers held a vigil for the victims of the "Bowling Green Massacre." False
Criminals fleeing British justice can no longer use Cyprus as a safe haven, judges rule, in landmark decision False
Game over! How to beat the 10% rise in the cost of your TV, phone and broadband False
6 ways you can help your child thrive with dyslexia True
After an early slump in ticket prices, seats at #SuperBowl LI are getting more expensive False
.@BigSean’s new music video for "Halfway Off The Balcony" is here: False
Only 7% of workers say they're most productive when working in an office: False
Pentagon reaches new deal with Lockheed Martin for F-35 jets False
UFC fighters Sage Northcutt and Max Holloway go H.A.M. on Houston Rockets mascot

🎥 True
.@VP Mike Pence is attending Sunday's Super Bowl in Houston: False
Why Silicon Valley is so nervous about H-1B reform: True
Ford is starting to sell supersized pickup trucks in China. Will anyone buy them? False
Some patients are testing psychedelic drug therapy for mental health False
What it’s really like to travel as a blind person True
EARLIER: Machete-wielding man shouting ‘Allahu akbar’ stopped by soldier, police say. False
A whale is found dead in Norway with more than 30 plastic bags in its stomach False
Snapchat's cofounders are now worth $4 billion each False
The Jump 2017 has already had a casualty False
France elections: Fillon reels as wife video resurfaces False
.@arunjaitley proposed to increase the #scrutiny period to 10 years from the present ceiling of six years False
President Trump is embracing key aspects of Barack Obama's foreign policy False
Robert De Niro’s washed-up comic doesn’t warrant laughs in "The Comedian," writes @JoeMorgenstern False
The biggest moment of Nancy Pelosi's town hall almost didn't happen True
ISIS amputate the hands of two boys aged ten and 12 who refused to execute two civilians False
Klay Thompson, Nick Young headline 2017 NBA 3-point contest participants

Full list: False
Cam Newton says fatherhood has ‘helped me be a better man’ False
Family of Frederick Douglass gives Trump a history lesson  via @YahooNews False
What we can expect from Rex Tillerson's State Department: False
How tearing apart Nafta could wreak havoc on supply chains False
How Trump found his Supreme Court nominee  via @YahooNews False
Here's how senators voted on Rex Tillerson False
HAPPENING NOW: Pres. Trump speaks at National Prayer Breakfast False
“She was hit with a bullet in her neck and suffered for two hours. Why kill children?"
@realDonaldTrump False
Brexit is the greatest fraud ever perpetrated in British politics True
#Punjab's own monument of love False
This Goldman fund manager is ignoring Trump "noise" to bet on the U.S. dollar False
J.K. Rowling has the perfect response to Trump trolls burning her books False
Child refugees aged EIGHT mauled by dogs, beaten by police and sleep in squalid warehouses False
Mindlessly checking Facebook makes you an awful lot like a lab rat True
Everything you need to know about how a Supreme Court nominee gets confirmed: True
16 kids who will remind you to sleep with one eye open True
If you made a New Year’s resolution, we want to help you stick with it True
Trump calls for lower drug prices, fewer regulations in meeting with pharmaceutical executives False
You need to see this Twitter account that predicted Beyoncé’s pregnancy True
Trump security adviser Flynn says Iran is "on notice" after a ballistic missile launch False
A real estate investor shares his 3-word strategy for achieving financial independence True
Chief Special Warfare Operator William “Ryan” Owens, 36, of Peoria, IL was killed during a raid in Yemen Saturday. False
Trump administration: 'As of today, we're officially putting Iran on notice' False
African American Museum tried to distribute more free passes -- and then its site crashed again False
James Corden and Sting clash over who is the better singing waiter False
Will the top uncommitted recruit pick FSU over LSU?

So says our @ESPNInsider in his 10 bold #NSD17 predictions: True
Ivan Rogers to give evidence to MPs about why he quit as UK's ambassador to EU - Politics live False
A new study looks at the impact of snow on hospital admissions False
17 people who just got expertly burned by a kid True
Watch Camila Cabello &amp; Machine Gun Kelly perform in Radio 1's #LiveLounge False
Diageo to launch new Irish whiskey brand False
Handwriting experts say Polish solidarity hero Lech Walesa WAS a secret agent for Russia False
Brexit bill to pass without amendment as Tory rebels back off False
Former President George H.W. Bush discharged from the hospital False
This video of Marshawn Lynch exploring Scotland is the best thing you'll watch today False
Accused Florida airport shooter enters not guilty plea in federal court False
Mexicans mull response to Trump: let migrants through – or boycott McDonalds? False
Should investors trust the Trump rally? False
U.S. diplomats consider filing "dissent" over Trump's immigration ban False
An MP is trying to ban the term 'honour killing' False
Study: Most people are scared they'll be hacked, but don't do much about it  via @YahooFinance False
Following the referendum, Italy has taken steps to insulate itself. But risks remain, writes @Simon_Nixon False
Charter schools in New Jersey seek more leeway in hiring teachers False
"I’d like it done in Italy." True
"This is the humanity, this is the soul of America. This is what pushed me to move, leave my country and come here." False
Mexicans are boycotting US products to protest Trump’s wall tax False
The 17 best jobs in America that pay over $100,000 True
Secret Service Agent on Paid Leave After Saying She Wouldn't Take Bullet for @POTUS False
What we do (and don't) want to hear from Camila Cabello's solo debut False
How to not hate doing your taxes True
The Oscars are much less white, but there’s still a ways to go False
Here’s every time Meryl Streep has been up for an Oscar True
Police ease rules on tattoos, turbans, beards False
'Immigrants are America': protesters mass at US airports – in pictures False
Some college students rape their classmates more than once. Are universities doing enough to prevent repeat crimes? False
Every Friday night, a healthy dose of pretzel logic. False
Princess Diana statue to be erected on the grounds of Kensington Palace False
America just sent back a Syrian woman trying to visit her sick mother True
Attitude is a better predictor of your success than IQ False
This is what it's like inside a tunnel that runs under a US-Mexico border fence False
Store takes Super Bowl rivalry to new level  via @YahooSports False
Trump becomes the first U.S. president to formally join Snapchat False
Another #avalanche hits the Indian Army. 5 jawans are missing. #Kupwara @adgpi False
Barbara Hale, most famous for her role as Della Street in the "Perry Mason" series, has died. She was 94. False
Lebanon wants to auction energy rights to areas in the Mediterranean contested by Israel False
Betty White pays tribute to Mary Tyler Moore False
20 hit songs that literally sound exactly the same True
Expert reveals the 5 best recipes to keep you slim and full of energy – and stop you getting 'hangry' True
Trump and abortion True
Steps forward for the Department of Homeland Security: False
Tiger Woods set to miss cut in first PGA Tour action since August 2015 False
Low-caste Dalits in #India vow to never remove dead cattle again, no matter what the cost False
The Guardian view on the Trump-May meeting: they are playing with fire False
.@MorganHeritage wants everyone to feel good on "Reggae Night" (premiere) False
Scientists are busy planning their own March on Washington False
Will Trump and British PM Theresa May revive the "special relationship"? False
What % Ryan And What % Sharpay Are You? True
Elderly survivors visited Auschwitz death camp today, 72 years after liberation False
Demand for tires in China is making your rubber gloves more expensive False
Deadly domestic violence in Staten Island has reached a crisis point, authorities say False
Chile battles against devastating fires False
Fox has bought a film about a family trying to escape over a wall False
How a president can use orders and memos, and who can stop them: False
Diversity on TV will mean something new in Trump’s America False
'The back way' True
Ghent Library moves home via human chain False
New Jersey gives out free baby boxes in a move to lower infant mortality rates False
Whyzat? True
Trump says he's 'pretty much' made his decision on Supreme Court nominee False
John Moon is 101 and the oldest-known survivor of Iwo Jima.

And he's still got it. False
Feed your kids kale, spinach and red meat if you want them to get top marks True
Rumors about Google's next Pixel smartphone are already starting to emerge False
Here's what President Trump has done during his first six days in office False
Johnnie Walker maker Diageo in £460m profits leap due to weak pound False
#Hottest100: @triplej countdown breaks records with more than 2.2m votes  (Pic: AAP) False
"History is watching"

JK Rowling criticises Theresa May's 'plans to praise' Donald Trump False
OracleVoice: Why startups need Oracle -- and vice versa False
A Doomsday Clock - symbolising current threat of global annihilation - is expected to be moved closer to midnight False
Two football players at D-III McMurry University arrested on murder warrants True
Class of 2017: Check out these 6 tips to help you deal with student loan debt: True
#NastyWoman True
Mary Tyler Moore's lobster tale shows her love for all creatures False
There was something about Mary: She changed TV forever. True
Women Who Kill is a grim portrait of female prisoners and a divided America False
Lil Jon hosts birthday dinner for @PencilsOfPromis at E.P. &amp; L.P. in L.A. False
President Trump took time from a busy schedule to hail the Dow breaking through 20,000 False
Fake news. True
He's the self-proclaimed "biggest bust" ever, but for the first time in a long time, Greg Oden's life has direction. False
Twinkies ice cream has arrived on a planet that might not be ready for it False
Meet Harrison Bailey, the 15-year-old QB who made even Cam Newton’s jaw drop False
Call them 'Virtual reality experiences,' because that's what the cool kids say False
Netherlands Government launches global abortion fund to counter Trump cuts False
North Korea's elite might be turning against their supreme leader  by @Reuters False
88% jump in SUV sales helps India's biggest automaker cope with the cash crunch False
29 amazing McDonald’s facts that’ll totally surprise you True
Angela Merkel’s run for a 4th term gets complicated as a popular adversary joins the fray False
Mike Myers and Jimmy Fallon competed in a USA vs. Canada dance-off on @FallonTonight False
Trump’s revival of the antiabortion "gag rule" could have a big impact in Africa False
Senate Democrats propose $1 trillion infrastructure plan False
We face a global epidemic of blindness if we continue to spend hours staring at screens False
#RioTinto sells Australian coal unit to China's Yancoal for $3.2b #ausbiz False
White House adviser Kellyanne Conway 'repeatedly punched man' at inauguration ball False
Steve Kerr and his staff will coach the Western Conference All-Stars this year False
How your smartphone use is really affecting your brain: True
President Trump plans to advance Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines False
Saudi Arabia will work with Trump to contain Iran, the kingdom’s foreign minister says False
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day False
U.K. Government loses Brexit court fight - but does it matter? True
After harsh scolding, Spicer and press avoid fisticuffs. Is this a truce?  via @HowardKurtz @MediaBuzzFNC False
How do presidents use executive orders? False
A Series of Unfortunate Events exclusive: Count Olaf reveals all in a hilarious new interview False
Guy builds a hugely impressive Lego train set, puts a camera on it False
Meet the women and POC who sell Trump merch for a living False
Kirk Cousins &amp; Drew Brees highlight top replacements in the 2017 Pro Bowl 

Full Roster: False
Anti-Trump rant woman removed from Alaska Airlines plane False
Spicer tells White House press corps his intention is to tell the truth: “Sometimes we can disagree with the facts” False
Here's an unbelievable Twitter catfish story to get you through today False
1. Warriors
2. Spurs ⬆️
3. Cavs ⬇️
4-30: ? 

@ESPNSteinLine’s NBA Power Rankings: False
Tom Brady is the most successful quarterback in NFL history False
The trials of those involved in the Turkey Coup have begun False
Here’s the real story about the Churchill bust in the Oval Office True
Woman slashed Trump sign in Florida because it 'ruined her chill,' cops say True
Tom Brady wore a massive coat, and the internet loved it False
China sentences "hedge fund brother No.1" to 5 and a half years in prison True
Government 'working flat out' to revise #TPP deal without @realDonaldTrump's support  #auspol False
"It's the most expensive thing we've ever bought," SNL's Vladimir Putin character said of Donald Trump's America False
'Criminal Anarchy': @JudgeJeanine Slams #Inauguration Protesters False
WATCH LIVE: President Trump speaks at a White House senior staff swearing-in ceremony False
Wayne Rooney: breaking Manchester United scoring record a huge honour False
US will not send delegation to Syria peace talks in Kazakhstan, citing demands of transition, State Dept. says: False
Tens of thousands of protesters spill into Chicago's downtown False
Eight ways President Donald Trump will make history True
The week in #finance: @realDonaldTrump takes charge, while inflation is the focus in #Australia #ausbiz False
Uproar after news that Roman Polanski will preside over 'French Oscars' False
The ACLU announces mass FOIA for Donald Trump's business conflicts False
This church in San Diego won’t be getting over the Chargers move to Los Angeles anytime soon False
There's a 20% chance you have a particular form of synesthesia True
Read live updates on the #WomensMarch on Washington False
A rank outsider has seized the White House. But will he defend the Constitution, or trample it? True
How to lose friends and galvanize otherwise neutral people True
Clockwatch: Crystal Palace v Everton, Real Madrid v Málaga – live!  via @guardian_sport False
Kanye West not asked to perform at "traditionally American" inauguration. Actually, rap is incredibly American. False
Amid historically low approval ratings, Donald Trump will now have turn vision into policy: False
Obama has granted more commutations than any other president in U.S. history False
Players on the move?

Identifying trade deadline targets for every team False
Read the full transcript of Trump's first speech as president here:  #InaugurationDay False
We're watching how the markets are responding to Trump's #Inauguration: False
Already winning before he got off the podium. True
We're really going to miss this bromance. False
.@POTUS Donald Trump calls for a stop to "American carnage" in #Inauguration speech False
Watch Trump’s #Inauguration
here False
Donald Trump inauguration: president-elect at Capitol for swearing in – live False
Trump inauguration: Where next president stands on key issues False
He had a "bad dream" that his wife was cheating. Then he violently beat her, police say. False
A brief history of Obama's corny jokes True
Dangerous Game: can a Calum Best vehicle with Darren Day as a Russian mob boss really exist? False
Plastic surgeons often miss patients' mental disorders, new research suggests False
At the Trump Hotel in Washington, Champagne toasts in an ethical "minefield" False
Avalanches are becoming more common, thanks to climate change, researchers say False
Would You Rather Smother These Foods With Chocolate Or Peanut Butter? True
Out-of-control car mows down pedestrians in Melbourne False
“Screw Our President!”: Anti-Trump Protests Erupt in D.C. #Trump45 False
Miguel Ferrer, “NCIS: Los Angeles” star and noted character actor, is dead at 61: False
💅 True
JUST IN: Mexican government says it has extradited Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman to the U.S. False
MRI confirms Rudy Gay suffered full rupture of left Achilles’ tendon False
High-tax companies have rallied since Trump's election, but the bill will soon come due False
Reward offered after dog in Detroit has its nose and ears cut off False
Al Franken is the ideal Democrat for the Age of Trump, CBS News' @willrahn  argues: False
Say goodbye to the overhead bin False
Luis Fonsi talks anatomy of "Despacito" False
Steve Carell just trolled 'Office' fans hard True
Steelers star Antonio Brown's Facebook Live lapse may cost him False
An unlikely source helps single mom build a family home True
These 2 charts will give stock pickers everywhere nightmares True
#CyrusMistry finds #Chandrasekaran's appointment at #TataSons illegal, may challenge it in court False
9 people who discovered just how terrible their exes really are True
Russians mint “In Trump We Trust” coin ahead of Inauguration False
Mermaid Instructor? Canine Masseuse? The oddest hotel jobs in the world True
100 moments from Obama's presidency False
Unlike their House colleagues, these Senate Democrats are attending Trump’s inauguration True
How Alice's 'Resident Evil' homecoming will change everything.  #ad True
The New York Times is devoting $5 million more to covering Donald Trump False
Another giant snake is removed from somewhere it's really not supposed to be True
Nigerian military jet bombs refugee camp, killing dozens False
China’s President #XiJinping, speaking at the #WorldEconomicForum in Switzerland’s Davos has defended #globalisation False
'Should we pretend the election didn't happen?': @TuckerCarlson grills DNC chair candidate False
#ICYMI: Aquarium leopard shark shocks scientists after giving birth without male shark. False
'Genderless nipples' thwarts Instagram's nudity policies False
Oh? True
Britain's redundant red telephone boxes are getting an overdue makeover False
The Orlando nightclub shooter's widow has been arrested, U.S. officials say False
Entrepreneur creates inclusive camp for LGBTQ youth   via @NBCOUT False
Today’s reporters are concerned that Donald J. Trump could send them back into the past False
Report: At least 5 people dead in nightclub shooting at BPM Festival in Mexico. False
Mary Beard v Arron Banks: 'Your vision of the EU is like mine of Rome – a dream' False
This monster machine that splits trees is incredibly satisfying to watch. True
Will any of the core features of Obamacare survive? False
The rise of Larry Ellison, the jet-setting billionaire founder of Oracle False
There's a secret message buried inside Nintendo's new $60 console True
Miley Cyrus had a weed bar at Liam Hemsworth and Wayne Coyne's birthday party False
CVS offering generic EpiPen alternative that costs hundreds less False
Bo Jackson says he would have never played football if he knew about the health risks False
.@GraceVanderWaal's 10 best covers True
The legacy of Master Sgt. Debra Clayton is one of compassion, hope, and inspiration False
Read all the important #news of the day here True
New devices launched with aim to monitor and help manage almost EVERY aspect of our health False
The one thing OPEC dreads is the return of shale, and that may be happening  via @Bfly False
Coworkers driving you crazy? How to deal with it: True
18 of the hottest under-the-radar startups to watch in 2017 True
'The Young Pope' needs a miracle if it wants to join the ranks of HBO's prestige dramas False
Trump fires inaugural parade announcer who's been working since Eisenhower era False
Putin loves natural gas. As long as it's not American, fracked gas False
Catholic leader says Europe will become an Islamic state because of the migrant crisis False
Asian-American men have long been stereotyped as not masculine. Why is Steve Harvey joining in now?  via @nytopinion False
.@SpaceX successfully launches Falcon 9 rocket, months after launch-pad blast (pic: AP) False
Why the US military's M1 Abrams tank is still the king of the battlefield False
Donald Trump slammed for attack on US civil rights campaigner False
Arsenal canter to easy win as Swansea concede two costly own goals  via @guardian_sport False
He heard that Marilyn Monroe would be in Manhattan filming scenes for her new movie. So he grabbed his camera. True
Everybody needs to get used to a businessman president  via @YahooFinance False
This kid's pool party is sick AF True
Jeremy Corbyn just said what everybody's already thinking about Theresa May and the NHS True
8 management tricks Barack Obama’s staff learned at the White House True
Turkey offers citizenship to foreign investors who buy property there — via @AJEnglish False
Your favorite food can tell you about what your money's worth False
Trump to nominate top Maryland attorney for Justice Department post False
.@DannyGokey talks about the move from country to Christian music &amp; "the divide in our country" False
#Europe is experiencing one of the worst spells of #snow in the continent in years False
"There's no way I would ever allow my kids to play football today."

Bo Jackson reflects on the risks he now knows: False
Camerawoman who kicked migrants on Hungarian border gets probation for disorderly conduct False
Looks like most Americans lack savings to cover emergencies False
Grads of LifeVoice: How out-of-school enrichment can close the STEM talent gap False
Canada's consumer watchdog fines @amazonca $1.1m Canadian dollars False
Apple turns to original programming to expand its music service False
Dude, that was like two months ago. True
Turkey’s President gave Trump props for shutting down a reporter False
Outnumbered Weighs In on Claims of Trump's Russia Ties in Leaked Dossier False
13 Volkswagen managers have been indicted by governments around the world True
Here's why maple syrup jugs have teeny tiny handles False
Six children feared dead in Baltimore house fire False
Stephen Colbert doesn't piss around with Trump "golden shower" jokes False
Experts agree that Trump’s ethics plan falls short  via @NBCFirstRead False
Can YOU tell which of these meals has the most calories? It's not as clear as you think True
For first 3 months the service is free for users that are getting somewhere between 70mbps to 100mbps. @reliancejio False
Snoop Dogg to roast anyone who performs at Trump's inauguration False
18 women and girls filed a lawsuit alleging that a doctor who worked for USA Gymnastics sexually assaulted them False
Behold the hyolith, a bizarre creature that looks like a tentacled ice cream cone with a lid False
1. Clemson
2. Alabama
3-25: ? 

Final college football Power Rankings: True
Sonos founder John MacFarlane stepping down as CEO False
We tried the 24-hour 'ultimate' Taco Bell in Vegas, which has alcoholic Baja Blast slushies False
.@virendersehwag wishes #RahulDravid a Happy Birthday in the cheekiest way possible True
BREAKING: Chelsea Manning on Obama's "short list" for commutation False
How long do U.S. retirees live compared to peers in other countries? False
Clumsy creatures get themselves into all sorts of scrapes 😂 True
Want a new job in the new year? Ask the experts – live chat True
Iran’s opposition protests amid mourning for former President Rafsanjani False
In Sessions hearing, "senatorial courtesy" is lost in the tumult of Trump False
President Obama’s 3 tips on how to get politically active True
Barack Obama's farewell address: President defends legacy and warns Americans to defend democracy False
Sara Bareilles in talks to join #Waitress Broadway cast False
Watch live now: President Obama delivers his farewell to the nation False
Iman paid tribute to her late husband, David Bowie, on the first anniversary of his death. False
Some tech companies are trying affirmative action hiring ...just don't call it that False
Don't believe all the bad sh*t people say about Diet Coke True
#BJP MP #SakshiMaharaj said that those who talk of four wives and 40 children are responsible for population problem False
The world's tallest solar tower is being built in Israel  via @YahooFinance False
What. A. Night. #NationalChampionship False
Anonymous bomb threats rattled more than a dozen Jewish schools and community centers across the eastern U.S. False
Trump picks for attorney general, DHS kick off week of confirmation hearings False
Kia is now competing with German premium sedans False
Beating wives reminds women who rules the house, declares Turkish marriage guide  False
West prepares for flooding while East Coast remains stuck in deep freeze False
27% of our 2017 #30Under30 want their business to change the world False
Germany's Green Party pitches sex-on-prescription idea False
Another year, another day of no one wearing trousers on London's tube False
Thousands of commuters walked for hours to get to and from work after a 24-hour strike on London's Underground False
Berlin attack: Merkel vows 'national effort' on deportation False
Get to know our #30Under30 class of 2017: False
McDonald's gives up control of its China business in $2 billion deal False
Actress praised for not shaving armpits before Golden Globes False
Chrissy Teigen chilling at the Golden Globes is pure gold True
Against China's objections, Ted Cruz and Texas governor meet with Taiwanese president False
Defense Secretary Carter says "we have to do more" about PTSD in wake of airport shooting False
#PetrolPumps will continue to accept cards, but only till #13January! False
This is the fastest, most powerful Bentley ever False
The most unique looks at the #GoldenGlobes  via @YahooCelebrity True
Hear Emma Watson sing "Belle (Reprise)" in new #BeautyAndTheBeast trailer False
Netanyahu reportedly negotiated with Israeli newspaper for more favorable coverage False
What happens when narcissists become parents True
Senior Trump Official Monica Crowley has been accused of plagiarizing her 2009 book. False
Swim team swaps pool for snow False
LIVE RADAR: Heavy rain and mountain snow in the West False
YouTuber who kissed unknown girls on the streets to make 'prank' videos faces jail False
Mom's 34-second video filmed in a pantry is pretty much parenthood True
Charles Schwab AdvisorVoice: How to find the type of money advisor you need False
Charles Manson reportedly moved from hospital back to prison False
Seahawks receiver Paul Richardson just made one of the craziest catches we can remember. False
The origins of the Irish potato blight? South America, a new analysis finds. False
Montana may be a model for the Medicaid work requirement False
See the celebrities sending the Obamas off on a glamorous note False
#Trump to nominate former Sen. #Coats for national intelligence director | #TrumpTransition False
Cooler than all of us: how the Obamas upheld African American pop culture False
The oil trade that shows where OPEC's cuts are starting to bite False
Pet 'emotion trackers' and intelligent jeans are here. But do we want them? True
Why Rihanna and Lady Gaga are turning to unknown fashion students for fresh looks False
Check it out! #BTECH is streaming NOW on @Twitter! False
JUST IN: Report: Putin, Russia tried to help Trump by "discrediting" Clinton False
Facebook activates Safety Check for Fort Lauderdale Int’l Airport shooting. False
Every parent's worst nightmare. True
PHOTOS: Stunning ice sculptures glow in neon at Chinese festival False
.@VP Joe Biden on President-elect @realDonaldTrump: 'Grow Up Donald. You're President' False
S&amp;P 500 hits new high, Dow approaches 20,000 again False
US torture victim's family thanks police False
This Kremlin leader bragged about tipping a U.S. presidential election True
Debbie Reynolds, Carrie Fisher's emotional memorial held at their next-door homes False
10 things you need to know before the opening bell True
Katie Piper was burned with acid by her ex-boyfriend. Here is her secret to being confident True
How this personal branding expert built an audience of millions from the ground up: True
Check out the most popular Netflix show in each state. False
What it was like to cover the #Menendez murder trial: a reporter's notebook by @TerryMoran False
Top Russians celebrated when Trump won, intel report says: source False
“It doesn’t matter what we call ‘work-life balance’ because there is no such thing." False
Guy Philippe, Haiti's former rebel leader, arrested after radio show False
Dallas’ struggles this season don’t seem to worry Andrew Bogut False
The world's tallest solar tower is under construction deep in the Israeli desert False
Move over, acai. Here comes the maqui berry False
More than 1,000 law school professors have rejected Donald Trump's choice for Attorney General False
All the best deals on the internet today True
Replacing ✨Megyn✨ with a WHITE MALE 👺👺👺👺👺🎃🕸😤💣 True
Moviegoer says Raisinets boxes only 60% full, sues False
Bank of Mexico sells dollars to support peso False
Wooden Watch is back as we rank the leading POY contenders:

1. Josh Hart
2. Lonzo Ball
3. Frank Mason III
The rest: False
Stephen Colbert &amp; @Spurs mascot spoof Mariah Carey's glitchy NYE performance False
(Psst. Hey lefties: He paved the way for celebrity presidencies) True
A teenager wouldn't stop dabbing as his dad was sworn by the Speaker of the House False
Dolphins held in captivity escape from Japanese tourist attraction False
Lenses in future smartphones could be over 80 times thinner than human hair False
The image of Mahatma Gandhi was missing from the #Rs2000 notes because of a "printing error" False
Toyota plans to keep making cars for humans to control for "years" False
So remember, kids: Crime does pay. True
19 jokes about “Mr. Brightside” that are guaranteed to make you laugh True
Gwen Stefani is the new face of Revlon False
Sears is closing 150 stores False
Headphones are finally getting less dumb about music False
CCTV shows Berlin Christmas Market terrorist travelling through Brussels days after attack False
For the first time ever, a black woman will be headlining Coachella True
Wendy’s tweeted (and quickly deleted) a Pepe meme False
ACC heating up early!

Clemson coach Brad Brownwell confronts Roy Williams after OT loss False
India to give 88 million cows  trackable 'identity cards', similar to those already issued to Indian citizens False
When 😍bae✨ leaves 👺News Corp🙅 for 💅👠Comcast💄👸 True
Some of the richest people in the world are abandoning hedge funds False
Do you know the minimum wage in your state? False
New normal. True
How to make a British business sound 'hip' – add the word Brooklyn True
Janet Jackson welcomes her first baby at 50 years old - a baby boy named Eissa Al Mana. False
"Disturbing" video shows school resource officer throwing N.C. girl to the ground False
Morgan StanleyVoice: New growth sprouts for green bonds False
when u think ur woke but everyone calls u a joke instead False
George W. Bush and wife Laura will attend Donald Trump's inauguration False
What it's like to be a hockey organist, in 360°  #Daily360 False
New report says student accommodation should be integrated into care homes False
People feel so disrespected by this hilariously bad Beyoncé wax figure False
Much-maligned in the past, @theACC has owned bowl season. 

ACC: 8-3
Big 12: 4-2
SEC: 6-6
Pac-12: 3-3
Big Ten: 3-7 False
"The self-healing even functioned when the material was cut into two entirely separate pieces" 😮 False
Taco Bell teases a hungry nation with spicy lava chicken chips False
The House is expected to vote today on a surprise proposal by Republicans to kill the Office of Congressional Ethics False
US Congress: Republicans vote to limit ethics body False
Four people dead after powerful storms in Alabama, Houston County sheriff says False
States are setting up ‘smart roads’ to make driving safer False
Bill Marshall, TIFF co-founder, dies at 77 False
29 beauty products you should try in 2017 True
Leander Paes may hang up his boots False
The biggest threat to your waistline this January? Your juicer! True
Mobile technology takes fight against HIV in Lesotho to the people True
Here’s why sadness can make you physically sick True
Here are some much needed #reforms in Indian #politics True
Bin collections cancelled? Just keep your rubbish fresh in the freezer, says council False
Finding "Dory" and success, box office hits record $11.4 billion False
Dog mauls family after one of its owners tried to dress him in a sweater. False
Fourteen garden villages to be built in England totalling 48,000 homes False
Mariah Carey's reps say her "ear piece was not working" during New Year's Eve performance. False
5 financial New Year’s resolutions for people under 30 True
#TroutToPhilly2020?

Carson Wentz throws TD pass vs. Cowboys, gives ball to Mike Trout

🎥: False
Jon Jones has some advice for Ronda Rousey. True
The worst January transfers every year since the winter window started | Simon Burnton  via @guardian_sport False
Pope Francis says "plague of terrorism" is casting a bloodstain over the world False
Clemson crushes Ohio State, earns title game rematch against Alabama, who smothered Washington False
Was 2016 the best year to be a woman in business? False
UPDATE: At least 35 people killed in Turkey nightclub attack, Istanbul's governor says: False
Liberalism is suffering but democracy is doing just fine | Kenan Malik False
In 2016, mortality and death loomed large in the stand-up comedy scene False
15 things successful people do over holiday breaks True
May calls for unity in 2017 as a divided U.K. prepares for Brexit False
Before you click "buy" on Amazon, learn how to avoid fake reviews and phony products True
George Michael has a top 10 album for the first time in 17 years False
Florida State all-time rushing leader Dalvin Cook declares for 2017 NFL draft False
China jails 16 over black market kidney trading False
This is 'Hellfire' — America’s missile of choice that can hit a target five miles away False
How to get free refills at Starbucks True
5 books Richard Branson thinks you should read True
Brave new world. True
The Connecticut Supreme Court reinstated a Kennedy cousin's murder conviction in the 1975 killing of a teen False
10 rules for looking sharp in a tuxedo True
Why it's illegal to bring Kinder eggs into the US True
Spanish UK resident feared insurance rule would force her to leave True
David Fahrenthold tells the behind-the-scenes story of his year covering Trump False
See the most captivating animal photos of 2016: True
#ICYMI: Father embraces driver accused of hitting and killing his son on #ChristmasDay False
We're awesome, eh? True
An unruly couple forced their flight to turn back. Police boarded, and passengers cheered. False
Bomb threat forces an emergency plane landing in Prague, Czech television reports False
Bitcoin has trounced the Dow this year, 124% to 14% False
Debbie Reynolds, Eddie Fisher, and Elizabeth Taylor: Inside Hollywood’s first love triangle False
A vodka-cranberry recipe any home bar can handle False
5 times Carrie Fisher shared her hidden musical side True
Finnish neo-Nazi who kicked an anti-fascist protester who later died is jailed for TWO YEARS False
Listen to @SkillzVa recap the best and worst of the year with his '2016 Rap Up.' False
5 things to do by New Year's Eve to lower your tax bill True
My dad is cross-dressing and Mum is bitter. What can I do to help? False
Parents in France no longer have the right to smack their children after new law comes into force False
Guatemalan model, 22, dies of a heart attack following liposuction False
Here's why China bulls could be facing a grim New Year’s eve False
The currencies that suffered in 2016 True
Syria's cease-fire is holding despite minor violations, opposition activists say False
Trump and Israeli PM Netanyahu get closer during transition False
Zach LaVine has a hilarious story about playing his dad, a former NFL player, in one-on-one. False
"...putting America first so that we can sweep our own porch before telling other nations how to sweep theirs." False
Jürgen Klopp hails Pep Guardiola for choosing ‘difficult’ Premier League  via @guardian_sport False
Derek Carr’s brother, David, says he didn’t suffer any ligament damage False
Lonzo Ball and the whole family play basketball on Christmas Day

📹 False
Serena Williams engaged to Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian False
The best writing about TV, music, and film published this year False
This is how 23 countries feel about transgender rights True
Yeah, that'll work. True
Our exclusive Manchester by the Sea clip proves why Casey Affleck is an Oscar favourite False
1764 census reveals St Kilda residents feasted on 1,600 seabirds a day False
Panasonic will make solar cells with Tesla at a factory in Buffalo False
The Guardian view on Brexit and the arts: a backlash against the modern | Editorial True
This Sunday could be the last we see of Steve Smith on an NFL field: False
Takata could pay up to $1B to settle criminal investigation with US over exploding airbags False
17 animals that are just as sick of 2016 as you are True
Cinnabon says it's "truly sorry" for Carrie Fisher tweet after backlash False
Indian Olympic body stirs storm over Suresh Kalmadi role False
Sebastian Bach on sex, Skid Row, and metal  via @YahooMusic False
Here's how to avoid information overload True
7 steps you can take to avoid catcallers True
UK house prices to rise marginally in 2017, says Halifax False
Go inside Australia’s dinosaur laboratory True
People are thanking George Michael for proving "there’s no one right way to be a man" False
Real parents reveal 16 things totally worth spending money on True
Fights break out at malls across United States on the day after Christmas False
Rockets rookie showed off his underhanded free throw form in an NBA game for the first time False
This dad had the sweetest response when his daughter asked for a pride flag for Christmas True
New data shows melanoma rates are on the rise False
Toxic liquor leaves dozens dead in Pakistan over the holidays False
An Afghan street artist boldly brings women's stories to life False
President Barack Obama said he's "confident" that he could've won a third term. False
Drexel professor draws ire after posting 'White Genocide' tweet on Christmas False
Diamond tycoon in India pays for more than 236 fatherless brides to get married False
A search operation is under way at #BlackSea where its military plane crashed with all 92 people on board False
Watch this monster machine cut manholes into roads with ridiculous ease False
31 of the most heartwarming books you’ll ever read True
One Direction's Louis Tomlinson joins Zayn &amp; Niall Horan on #Hot100 False
Remembering George Michael with his biggest Billboard hits False
Body of crashed Russian military jet found in search for black box False
Mother gets cropped out of family photo, has furious response True
The city of Las Vegas is now powered entirely by renewable energy False
George Michael – a life in pictures False
This photo of Edward Snowden with a bucket of chicken has caused a lot of controversy True
How Many Of 2016’s Top 50 Movies Have You Actually Seen? True
Was Darth Vader’s "Rogue One" pun forced? Many Star Wars fans find it disturbing. True
20 best K-Pop songs of 2016: #Criticspicks True
The forces of evil aren’t taking Christmas off, not by a long shot. True
George Michael's 20 biggest hits False
The U.S. divorce rate plunges to a 35-year low False
Carmelo Anthony surprises a teenage cancer patient with a brand new Kia car for Christmas. False
"What is it that you do, again?"
How to explain your job to your family: True
Wall Street's 2017 forecasts are doomed if Trump doesn't follow through False
A&amp;E scraps plans for KKK series after learning of cash payments False
Fragments of crashed Russian plane found in the Black Sea, Defense ministry says False
Military helping kids follow Santa's fabled flight False
Looks like someone didn't get the #Demonetisation memo True
#ICYMI: The weird and wonderful ways the world is celebrating #Christmas True
Here's how Kris Jenner goes all out for the holidays True
Someone mashed-up 100 classic Christmas tracks (and it's terrifying) True
It's a Christmas miracle! The Browns finally won a game and the internet celebrated. False
"Bachelor" contestants respond to claims that their love is a publicity stunt False
Marion Pritchard, who risked her life to rescue Jewish children from Nazis, died at 96 False
The best music of 2016: Beyoncé, Maren Morris and YG dominate False
"... I hear the undercurrent of what they're saying, and I fear it."

@TomJunod's defense of participation trophies: False
PHOTOS: Santa Claus all over the world True
'Tis the season to get nightmares with 'Elf' as a thriller False
Trump's vineyard is hiring -- foreign workers False
Minnesota Vikings plane slides off runway, ice in West amid holiday winter blast False
Israel rejects 'shameful' UN resolution amid criticism of Netanyahu False
LIVE RADAR: Midwest storm moves east for Christmas Eve False
“Love Actually” has the greatest movie soundtrack ever. End of story. False
Kabul nights True
What to expect during your holiday travel False
"Enough of that. Alan, Alan, Alan..." Dershowitz triggers CNN host by disrespecting The Precious! False
Joey Barton charged by Football Association over breach of betting rules False
'Let it be an arms race': Trump doubles down on nuclear weapons tweet False
Aides scramble to clarify President-elect Trump's "nukes" tweet False
Hijackers of Libyan plane diverted to Malta agree to release 25 hostages False
"If Obama had decided to stab Israel in the back... there was almost no way Israel could respond." True
WATCH LIVE: Italian interior minister on reports Berlin truck attack suspect has been shot dead near Milan False
The Elf on the Shelf is preparing your child to live in a future police state, professor warns False
Where Carl Icahn the adviser and Carl Icahn the investor may meet: True
Shaq's 32 will be retired by the Heat tonight.

TrueHoop with a behind-the-scenes look at his wild tenure in Miami: False
How the Berlin attack suspect slipped through authorities' net True
Berlin Christmas market reopens after terrorist truck attack, but suspect is still at large False
Berlin terror suspect was known to U.S. agencies: False
For all of you who have given – and those of you who plan to give – our profound thanks for your generosity True
5 Seconds of Summer's Michael Clifford responds to the #OmTeloletOm meme False
J.K. Rowling reveals she's working on new books False
Here's the story of #WhiteHelmets who are risking their lives to save innocent civilians in war-torn #Syria False
The delightful -- and bizarre -- origin of the 'Om Telolet Om' meme False
U.S. returns the largest tract of Okinawa land to Japan in 44 years False
Girl with autism sings a stunning rendition of "Hallelujah" False
17 albums we needed the most in 2016 True
This geyser erupting on a frigid day will make your #wintersolstice True
When giant cruise ships make cities look like kids' toys False
Nigeria has confiscated 102 bags of "plastic rice" smuggled into the country False
The explosion at Mexico's largest fireworks market was the third major blast there in the last 11 years False
China headmaster 'suspended' after 400 pupils sit exam outside during heavy smog False
Here's what happens when you accidentally buy your girlfriend 144 pairs of fuzzy socks True
The NFL fined the Giants $150K and coach Ben McAdoo $50K for illegal use of walkie-talkies vs. the Cowboys: False
Dick Latessa, Broadway veteran &amp; "Hairspray" star, dies at 87 False
President-elect Trump’s team distances family from Jan. 21 conservation fundraiser. False
.@SHAQ is getting his own statue at Staples Center that will hang 10 feet off the ground False
The most *unexpected* style moments of 2016: True
Presented without comment. True
Trump meets with 'great guy' Carlos Slim whom he once disparaged False
Holidaymakers will be given more detail on likelihood of terror attacks abroad, Boris Johnson reveals False
India eclipses Britain to become world's fifth largest economy False
Nicola Sturgeon: make Scotland's place in single market 'integral' to talks False
Seth Meyers slams the GOP 'power grab' against North Carolina's governor-elect False
Jefferies profit quadruples as fixed-income and equities climb False
The unnoticed trend that worries Europe’s counterterrorism agencies True
The Heisman voters made their pick. 

Doesn't mean Deshaun Watson has to agree with it: False
VMwareVoice: How the cloud helped a school district handle a Texas-sized growth spurt True
.@flumemusic teams with @VinceStaples to cover Ghost Town DJ's classic "My Boo" False
Federal judge orders search warrant related to Clinton emails to be unsealed Tuesday. False
In the march to Dow 20000, Nike is conspicuously absent False
Jerry Jones already built his pyramid, AT&amp;T Stadium, but now he’s unveiled another football Xanadu False
Deshaun Watson isn't worried about what Heisman voters think. False
#Wallstreet: US shares creep higher on upbeat Fed comments #ausbiz False
Argentina tried a Trump-like tariff -- and it went horribly wrong True
Um. True
Mark Cuban tells Trump how he should invest in infrastructure: False
The Broncos reportedly had a locker-room shouting match between defensive and offensive players after Sunday's loss: False
Of course #RogueOne totally smashed the box office this weekend. False
Social media reacts to Camila Cabello's split from Fifth Harmony False
Rainbow 'Ziggy Stardust' snake among new Mekong delta discoveries False
"It's befitting a king": Trump Tower is a world away from 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. False
"He was killed during this unfortunate incident..., but he was not murdered according to the law." True
Jaguars fire coach Gus Bradley after 3-plus seasons, 14-48 record. False
LA County email hack exposes data of 750,000 people False
It's scarf weather. Learn how to tie one properly True
17 celebs who got real about mental health in 2016 True
Raheem Sterling completes Manchester City turnaround against Arsenal  via @guardian_sport False
Lynch says tarmac meeting with Bill Clinton was 'regrettable' False
The best place to live in the UK has been revealed True
Chinese demand boosts Japanese anime sales False
#Mitron... meet this tea-seller from #Gujarat #Demonetisation True
Pearls of #wisdom from Martial Arts action movie star of the west - #ScottAdkins!

- via @healthmeup False
.@50cent to co-star in crime thriller ‘Den of Thieves' with Gerard Butler. False
This school bus driver saw a little boy without any gloves and decided to act True
.@LiamPayne tweets he's "100 percent certain" @OneDirection will reunite False
Someone needs a 🤗 True
We discuss the best albums of 2016 on the new #MustHearMusic podcast True
27 things you didn't know your iPhone could do True
Merriam-Webster drags Donald Trump for 'unpresidented' typo in Tweet about China. True
Anne Frank may not have been betrayed to Nazi occupiers, but captured by chance False
DeMarcus Cousins curses out reporter over column on nightclub incident False
These are the most-coveted beauty gifts in America False
Deer debacle exacerbates New York City rivalry False
Torn apart by Reagan, one family gets a second chance from Obama: False
Julia Roberts is about to be a small screen star for the first time False
Aroldis Chapman on game 7 of the World Series: "I came in tired" False
.@Jauzofficial announces "Off The Deep End" series for 2017 (exclusive) False
Michelle Obama to Oprah: Americans are "feeling what not having hope feels like." False
Mike Conley was diagnosed with a fractured vertebrae two weeks ago. 

He’s playing tonight 😳 False
WANTED: DEAD OR ALIVE: State Department ups reward for ISIS boss to $25 million False
Gold surges as tensions flare in the South China Sea False
What next for Syria, its allies and foes after fall of Aleppo? False
Cuba offers to pay off debts in liquid gold 

 #BBCGoFigure False
Bowe Bergdahl due in court for pretrial hearing False
The Carpool Karaoke Christmas special comes with a glorious festive twist True
Once-conjoined twins going to rehab 9 weeks after separation  via @foxnewshealth False
Malaysia has been one of Asia’s worst-hit economies amid the continued climb of U.S. interest rates and the dollar False
Inside the largest Earth science event: 'The time has never been more urgent' True
Federal judge temporarily blocks Texas rule mandating burial or cremation for fetal remains until Jan. 6. False
California DMV says Uber's testing of self-driving taxis is illegal: False
Vin Diesel says Conor McGregor backed out of movie role after Nate Diaz loss False
Report of terminally ill boy who died in Santa's arms called into question True
The Trump team is disavowing a climate change questionnaire sent to the Energy Department False
The single biggest #seizure of new notes in the country post #demonetisation.
#ThisIsIT True
Federal Reserve hikes key interest rate for second time in a decade. False
Jeffrey Lord: Donald Trump will "take responsibility for the safety and security of the country" False
An anti-Muslim hate group is bragging about its influence in Trump's White House False
Want to double your retirement income? The pros follow these 10 steps and you can too True
Judge rejects Trump plea to avoid deposition in José Andrés case False
The #DespicableMe3 trailer introduces Gru's new villain (and his '80s dance moves) False
YELLEN: It's too soon to tell how Trump's fiscal policy will affect the Fed False
U.S. stocks fell shortly after the Fed voted to raise interest rates for the first time since December 2015 False
2016. True
Introducing Telegraph #NowShowing: a new way to enjoy quality shows for free False
Take apart the NFL's top defense, vault to the top of the MVP race.

Our panel's latest MVP standings: False
#Carbondioxide is choking our planet’s atmosphere and @NASA has some eye-opening evidence.
#ThisIsIT False
Police end investigation into attack on Strictly's Gorka Márquez False
40 Electoral College voters sign letter demanding information on Russian election hacking False
Goldman Sachs to name David Solomon and Harvey Schwartz to succeed Gary Cohn False
🙏 RIP Alan Thicke 🙏 False
Oil change?
Rex Tillerson's climate change record True
John Green hopes to 'amplify the voices of people who are not traditionally heard' through YouTube False
From the CFP semis to the Heart of Dallas Bowl — we rank 'em all: False
Pep Guardiola admits he has to ‘adapt’ to make Manchester City stronger  via @guardian_sport False
Khizr Khan seeks to motivate young Muslims in era of Trump  via @YahooNews False
Watch: Snorkeller almost gets attacked by aggressive eel after it rips an #Octopus's arm off!
#ThisIsIT False
23 products everyone who hates everyone needs to own True
Lena Headey on whether Cersei can redeem herself in Game of Thrones season 7 False
Apartment block on artificial Palm island in Dubai engulfed in flames False
"A miniscule amount... detected 5,000 miles from Japan five years after the disaster." False
A round up of important #news stories from the day
#ThisIsIT True
Trump secretary of state candidate says Russian hacking reports might be 'false flag' False
The boys last words were: “Santa, can you help me?” True
25 years of deals: We looked into Trump's relationship with his new commerce secretary False
Chapecoense air crash survivor: 'Crew gave no warning' False
.@realDonaldTrump picks veteran general to 'stop illegal immigration, secure US border' False
The ‘social sickie’ – a sure-fire way to avoid the Christmas party True
Turkish police carry out mass arrests in wake of Istanbul bombings False
This cat learned to hop around 'like a kangaroo' after a tragic accident False
Arsenal drawn against Bayern Munich in Champions League last-16 draw  via @guardian_sport False
Carrie Fisher talks about the aftermath of her affair with Harrison Ford False
10 years, 4 million YouTube followers – meet the internet's favourite mad scientist False
Critics say the results show the undemocratic nature of the system True
Just half an hour a day with their mother makes a child smarter False
Buckle up. The world's first non-stop flights between Australia and Europe are coming False
Here's what happened during Donald Trump's exclusive interview with @FoxNewsSunday. False
Australia lost $4.8b in 2014 to tax-dodging multinationals, @OxfamAustralia says False
Blink 182, AFI and more lead the opening night of KROQ Almost Acoustic Christmas 2016 False
The brilliant answer to what the world would look like without Muslims True
#Syria activists say Islamic State has recaptured #Palmyra, clashes in #Aleppo continue False
Cairo church bombing: Amateur footage shows aftermath False
Dad slightly bemused to find his son's chocolate Santa Claus looks totally inappropriate False
Nearly 1,000 Chicago flights canceled as winter blast rolls east False
This billionaire has a high-end hobby: building and selling luxury yachts True
15 fantastic non-toy gifts for the holidays True
Procol Harum reveals plans for 50th anniversary; Gary Brooker to perform at George Martin tribute False
People are dying over this hilariously lazy cashier drawing in “The Proud Family” True
‘Who buys fish with a credit card here?’ Traders scoff at Goa’s bid to ditch cash False
Istanbul Besiktas: Stadium blast captured on TV False
President-Elect @realDonaldTrump Denies 'Apprentice' Work Rumors False
Look out, Conor

Nate Diaz plans to get boxing license in California and Nevada False
Before @30for30's "Catholics vs. Convicts" (9 ET, ESPN), @Ivan_Maisel on why Miami-ND still endures 28 years later: False
Facebook discloses issues with tools used by advertisers -- again False
These 2 hidden iPhone features will change the way you get your texts True
Digging for gold in a war-torn country False
Mainstream media puts out the call for pro-Trump columnists False
Shocker! True
Portland Raises Taxes on Companies Whose CEOs Earn 100x More Than Workers False
This Quiz Will Reveal Your Relationship Status At The End Of 2017 True
Report implicates at least 1,000 Russian athletes in massive doping scandal False
Debate over: The correct way to pronounce 'Porsche' revealed | False
Longtime Apple analyst Gene Munster is starting a venture capital firm False
Goldman's Cohn is Trump's top choice for NEC chief, sources say False
We're watching Florida officials give an update on the Zika situation in Miami Beach: False
Newly blond Kanye West makes first appearance after hospitalization False
Is Ivanka Trump a passionate political advocate — or a businesswoman building her brand? False
What's the gender pay gap in your industry? This new government tool allows you find out True
Explosive report indicates more than 1,000 Russian athletes involved in organized doping. False
#Moviereview: #Befikre is predictable and trying-hard-to-be-fun but is really just soppy False
U.N. Syria envoy says he plans to meet with Trump team to discuss plans to combat terrorism False
Twitter briefly changed how @ replies work and users went crazy False
🚨🚨 NEW MUSIC ALERT 🚨🚨

.@PostMalone's debut album 'Stoney' is here: False
Pirates prey on Venezuelan fishermen as industry unravels False
New tool lets you customize what kinds of online ads you see False
Stream @070shake and her 070 crew's 'The 070 Project: Chapter 1' --&gt; False
Free airline meals may be returning for economy passengers: False
The NYT obituary for John Glenn, American hero of the space age False
Vet outraged after American flags burned at gyms on Pearl Harbor anniversary False
The Year in Latin Charts: @soyjuangabriel &amp; @NickyJamPR lead #yearinmusic False
Obama opens up about racism he faced in office False
How one entrepreneur came up with a million dollar water idea True
The Philipines restricted access to condoms for gay men. Now they have an HIV crisis False
Flash mob brings love and money to a mother of four battling cancer True
10 things you need to know before the opening bell True
"Evil, evil, evil as can be": Emotional testimony as Dylann Roof trial begins False
Listen to Willow Smith's three-song project 'Mellifluous': False
.@GavinDeGraw talks travel, his new album and nostalgia of New York City False
Oakland warehouse fire victims had no warning before killer smoke False
Legroom, knee room and headroom all get smaller as airlines squeeze in more seats False
Repealing Obamacare without replacement would strip 30 million Americans of health coverage False
LISTEN: There's Now a New, PC Remix of a Classic Christmas Song False
Hofstra fraternity accused of sickening hazing rituals False
Italy's prime minister will step down on Friday False
Global Music Rights likens radio to a "cartel" conspiring to keep songwriter payments low False
Sturgill Simpson is as surprised as you about his Grammy nomination False
Angela Merkel calls for a burka ban in astonishing U-turn False
Plants can learn to associate light with a better chance of survival False
Introducing the Burgrito, a burger and burrito mashup False
Watch live: Trump "thank you" rally in North Carolina with "Mad Dog" Mattis False
Spokesman claims Trump sold all his stocks, but provides no evidence False
NEW: Michael G. Flynn, son of Lt.-Gen. Michael T. Flynn, resigns from Trump transition team False
After devastating fire, woman ecstatic that her cats survived False
British thinktank received £25m from Bahraini royals, documents reveal False
Hundreds mourn Oakland warehouse fire victims  via @NBCNewsPictures False
.@realDonaldTrump wants to dump @Boeing's new Air Force One False
Ex-child soldier Dominic Ongwen denies war crimes at ICC trial False
NASA photo reveals a startling 300-foot-wide rift in Antarctic Ice Shelf False
Rainbow-coloured lions spark debate about LGBT rights in Hong Kong False
Beer diplomacy: The Chinese have bought a U.K. pub after Xi Jinping had a beer there False
This woman’s unsolved death will freak you the fuck out True
“Existential crisis” wasn’t on the ballot in Italy, but that was basically the result False
Oakland warehouse fire: "Ghost Ship" sailed through regulators' fingers for years False
#Breaking Tonight: Mistrial declared in SC police shooting case.   | #KellyFile False
J.R. Smith suffers left knee injury, ruled out for remainder of Cavs/Raptors False
.@realDonaldTrump has fired the first shot True
The latest NBA Power Rankings from @ESPNSteinLine:
1. Warriors
2. Raptors
3. Spurs

The rest: False
Muslim woman pushed down stairs in New York City by a man who called her a "terrorist": False
Jets owner reportedly under consideration for U.K. ambassadorship  via @NBCSports False
China unveils ambitious new Five Year Plan to eliminate poverty False
driving to work this Monday morning like False
Man, inspired by conspiracy theory, arrested for firing assault rifle inside a pizza shop. False
Conviction of serial child molester at center of federal appeals case to set him free False
Martin Daubney: Football's darkest hour could be masculinity's brightest dawn False
There's a story behind the video of a man punching a kangaroo the head True
Fox instantly regrets trying to pounce on a vole hiding in snow True
New York corrections officer fatally shot in Brooklyn False
SAPVoice: Are you ready for artificially-intelligent enterprise applications?
 @SAP False
What's the deal with that video of a kangaroo getting punched in the face? True
Cam Newton was benched to start game and his backup threw an interception on first play False
THE IRONY METER KEEPS EXPANDING ITS UPPER LIMIT True
Will North Carolina's gubernatorial race finally come to an end? False
Strategery. True
The Guardian view on Christianity in Britain: neither here nor there | Editorial False
Country singer Granger Smith breaks ribs after stage fall False
Presidential pricing: what will happen to the value of the 262 apartments in Trump Tower? True
Someone is writing agony aunt columns in the voice of Nigel Farage - and it's terrifyingly brilliant False
"I know what it’s like to care for a son with microcephaly. My child is 53 years old." False
Fidel Castro's ashes interred in private ceremony in Cuba False
25 amazingly cool gadget gifts you may want to keep for yourself True
This week in finance: No change at RBA while the economy may have shrunk #ausbiz False
Yep, Jess Mariano is still Rory’s best boyfriend False
In Mr. Pence’s new D.C. neighborhood, not exactly the welcome wagon False
2016 is coming to an end... which artist dominated the year? Vote! True
Suspect in Joe McKnight murder case had a 2006 battery charge from a road rage incident: False
This millennial retired in NYC with a net worth of $2.25 million at the age of 28: True
100 years of French beauty in just two minutes True
5 things to know about China-Taiwan relations False
.@BMW unveils the latest 'Art Car' False
From multiple million-dollar brokerage bonuses, to bankruptcy False
32 years and still no justice True
China blasts “petty” call between Taiwan’s president and Trump False
Hampshire College returns US flag to full staff; president denies playing politics False
#ICYMI: Pill-popping, post-it notes and hot dogs: How Americans are coping post-election. #TRUMP True
The Recording Academy calls on Trump to support copyright reform in new letter False
The Lewis Hamilton tweet we all missed that gave away Nico Rosberg's retirement False
Opinions: Trump will helm a government of, by and for corporate America False
Nico #Rosberg has retired from Formula 1 - only days after winning the world title False
European stocks are dropping ahead of a referendum that could destroy the euro False
Mindfulness? Perhaps "we should simply be grateful that our brains allow us to be elsewhere."  via @nytopinion False
Help us map street harassment near you True
Dolly Parton just gave Tennessee wildfire victims an incredibly generous gift False
These 3D glasses can give your doctor a complete view of your insides False
Maryland politician Mel Franklin has wrecked government vehicles before False
Trial of Charleston church shooting suspect set to begin next week. False
Report: Indiana has fired football coach Kevin Wilson. Source says his treatment of players is under investigation. False
The startup trying to become the Tesla of trucking is about to reveal its semi False
TRUMP'S TREASURY SECRETARY: No 'absolute tax cut' for the wealthy False
Hackers have gained access to 1.3 million Google accounts by infecting Android phones through illegitimate apps False
November was a bad month for Arctic sea ice -- but the overall picture is much worse False
Wisconsin has started recounting over 2 million votes from the presidential election False
Michael Phelps teaches 7-month-old-son to swim under water False
Boy, 15, charged with killing of Polish man in Harlow False
This is what life is like for teens who were born with HIV #WorldAIDSDay False
Serena Williams writes open letter to 'all women who strive for excellence' False
JohnHancockVoice: Lessons in leadership from co-CEOs  @JohnHancockUSA False
Why Oklahoma's earthquake tremors may have calmed down: False
India's status as world's fastest-growing big economy is at risk over its cash crackdown False
Lil Wayne's tour bus driver is suing Birdman and Young Thug over 2015 shooting: False
Trump has flip-flopped. But his supporters aren't upset — or haven't noticed. False
Hacker releases new episodes of 'Orange Is the New Black' False
In Trump's White House, CEOs are shaping economic policy False
One portion of the Trump trade is alive and well False
Arkansas execution: Judge orders post-mortem False
A teenager asked for prom money back from his ex, so she gave it all back in pennies. False
Literally just 19 very large cats True
NFL commissioner Roger Goodell believes marijuana is addictive and unhealthy. False
'Butcher of Kabul' shows his face after 20 years in exile | #FOXNewsWorld #Afghanistan False
Larry Bird’s exit a warning that the Pacers could be in for a tough summer False
Wow, Instagram has a lot of followers. True
An Indian woman explores an NRA convention False
If Republicans can’t get this lawmaker, Obamacare repeal may be dead False
North Korea 'tests ballistic missile' amid reports Pyongyang stating war 'imminent' False
'Overweight' Ryan Lochte Races in first meet since Olympics  via @NBCSports False
RIGHT NOW - Tune in for @marthamaccallum's interview with @POTUS on Fox News Channel! False
Trump praises Jim DeMint, who soon might be ousted from Heritage Foundation job False
Woman experimented on by Nazis in bid to create Aryan race reveals her lifelong search to find her true identity False
French rugby league player brutally punches referee in the face, may face lifetime ban

🎥: False
President Trump to NRA: "The 8 year assault on your Second Amendment freedoms has come to a crashing end" False
17 tweets for people who both love and hate Jughead on "Riverdale" True
U.S. consumer sentiment was little changed in April False
The end is nigh for the World Health Organisation True
5 differences between a pocket sprung and memory foam mattress True
Katy Brand: ‘Victoria Wood's Two Soups is the funniest sketch ever’ False
Africa's top shots True
Woman in her 60s injured in the Stockholm terror truck attack dies in hospital, raising the death toll to five False
Twitter goes in on old Mitch Trubisky tweets after Bears trade up for the QB False
Kim Kardashian believes the Paris robbery was "meant to happen" False
Tim Tebow has been heating up at the plate: False
10 things you need to know before the opening bell True
"My Child Is Not Required To Share With Yours": True
huh. True
Spotify hires a group of blockchain developers False
Opinion: Ignore Ann Coulter. She’s a boring performance artist, and she’s gaming us all. False
15 signs you are, without a doubt, a Target mom True
Democratic Tri-Caucus members vow to "fight together" for Latinos, Blacks, Asian Americans False
Gary Cohn on Trump tax plan: “Our basic premise here is to simplify the tax system, lower rates and make it easy." False
Tennis continues to fail Serena Williams when it comes to racism False
"He is just a humongous human being that has out-of-this-world power. 550 feet is not out of the question.” True
Marine Le Pen may get a lift from an unlikely source: the far left True
Stocks have surged 5% since Trump took office. And that's on top of the 6% rally that followed his win in November. False
A three-day wedding celebration? Do learn some restraint, says Country Life True
"You can’t be a free trader when nobody else is… nobody ever says that." False
"The Democrats seem to have successfully used this stupid silly threat of a government shutdown to get their way." True
Brussels says Brexit divorce bill could be even HIGHER False
United ranked as worst legacy US airline False
'Bachelor' star Chris Soules arrested for leaving the scene of a fatal accident False
Topshop stirs controversy again with clear plastic jeans False
Madison Bumgarner says he hasn't been told if he faces discipline for riding a dirt bike. False
In unusual move, entire US Senate called to White House for North Korea briefing. False
The modern face of the military #AnzacDay False
Serena Williams responds to racist remarks about her pregnancy: False
Evening Briefing: Here's what you need to know at the end of the day True
US considers banning laptops on flights from UK airports False
6 powerful documentaries you need to see to understand the importance of the L.A. riots False
United Airlines sued by passenger over alleged removal from seat False
Kristaps has been frustrated with the Knicks recently. False
This Antiques Roadshow guest just discovered her family heirloom is worth £150,000 True
Philippine Lawyer: Rodrigo Duterte's drug was is 'mass murder' that killed 8,000 False
.@Common debuts a new song, discusses @ChancetheRapper &amp; the state of hip-hop at #Tribeca False
China's President Xi Jinping urges restraint on North Korea in call with US President Donald Trump False
Muslim teen to become first in U.S. to box while wearing hijab False
People drag Paul George for missing final shot after saying he should take the final shot. False
Ivanka Trump worshipped as a 'goddess' by thousands of Chinese fans False
Pelosi: "Of course" you can be a Democrat and against abortion False
Frank Ocean just released another new song and people are losing it True
oh? True
Interview with Ukip candidate gets more terrifying with every paragraph you read True
GPs told not to vouch for 'couch potatoes' with marathon #LondonMarathon False
In the 100th episode, @KapilSharmaK9 not only thanked those present but also those weren’t a part of the show False
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop hits back at North Korea over nuclear threat to Australia False
Sanctuary cities threatened with loss of federal grant money False
1 in 4 millennials living at home don't work or study 😳 False
Lavish Lifestyle: North Korean dictator's resort revealed as his people starve False
It was all jokes before Game 4 for the Bucks’ mascot False
Artists' #Anzac tribute to digger who fought at battle for Bullecourt @abclandline False
imagine that. True
Harvard researchers find copy of Declaration of Independence False
Animated map of what Earth would look like if all the ice melted #EarthDay True
For the first time since the 1800s, Britain goes a full day without burning coal for electricity False
Which player has the MLB's most popular jersey?
  via @YahooSports True
5 shocking revelations from the Tennessee teacher criminal complaint True
Pakistani man, 50, is addicted to eating TREES after eating leaves when he was poor True
Horse happily adopts lost, orphaned calf that thinks it's found its mother False
18 times Tumblr users joined together to be hilarious True
Pats-Falcons Super Bowl rematch in Week 7? 👀

Biggest games of this year’s schedule False
So much for stiff upper lips: Britons grouse about yet another election True
Phil Simms shares his perspective on CBS deciding to replace him with Tony Romo: False
Trump contradicts State Department on Iran deal False
lotsa weird fan fic out there True
Analysis: Trump superfan Eric Bolling gets a new show on Fox News. That’s a win for the White House. False
What it's like being black in the white-dominated weed industry False
Gators mascot made a spectacular play to save an unsuspecting young fan True
Trevor Noah gives Bill O'Reilly the send-off he deserves False
Another Middle Eastern country is planning an IPO of its state oil company False
What changed about Aaron Hernandez in his final days False
Forget sweaters, baby goats are now rocking pajamas and having the time of their lives False
How to build your own moonshot lab, according to Astro Teller False
acts of love. True
Theresa May must now make clear her immigration plan for #Brexit Britain #premium False
Watch Ricky Martin recreate Tom Cruise's "Risky Business" underwear scene on #LipSyncBattle" False
Juno Awards switching networks after 16 years on CTV False
‘Paedophile hunters’ scrap Facebook Live stings after police warning True
#Airbnb: #NSW Government gives qualified support to allowing short-term rentals False
Trevor Noah explains why Alex Jones' "performance" should terrify you False
The man accused of killing six people in Melbourne's Bourke St in January tells court "I am the saviour" False
EXCLUSIVE: FBI's Awlaki surveillance footage revealed False
With #Eclipse, @EXIDofficial earn their first top five entry on World Albums chart False
'Practice What You Preach': #Tucker Battles Prof Who Wants Higher Taxes For Rich False
"Sassy and also substantial": How Merriam-Webster stays relevant in national conversations True
Snipers and green tea True
NCAA tournaments to return to North Carolina after bathroom bill compromise False
JUST IN: 3 people shot and killed at 3 different locations in Fresno, California; suspect in custody, police say. False
How to talk to your teen about marijuana False
“Didn’t I just tell you don’t ask me that?” True
Flights, massages and other freebies to enjoy on Tax Day False
Apple may launch three iPhones this autumn True
Analysis: Trump’s true ideology has been revealed True
1/4 people admit to having sexual fantasies about their AI voice assistant, study says False
Santo Domingo, Latin America’s oldest colonial city, spends millions to rebuild and gentrify False
Majority of Americans no longer thinks Trump keeps his promises, new Gallup survey finds: False
Greasy, fatty and salty is the fast food formula that always wins False
Man accused of killing 5 in Washington state mall found dead in cell False
These photos show the first Trump White House Easter Egg Roll actually went pretty well False
Rihanna's Coachella outfit looked like a very fancy cat burglar from the future. False
Turkey referendum that hands Erdogan new powers was conducted on 'unlevel playing field', say observers False
The Jazz winning without Gobert?
Toronto and Boston losing?

You tell us: False
Office huggers 'feel they’re really good at judging when someone wants a hug.' They're wrong False
People are pretty unimpressed that a bunch of American guys formed a K-pop group False
Pence tells North Korea not to test American resolve, offering Syria and Afghanistan strikes as examples False
On growing up with the 'Girls' False
Justice #Katju supports Former #Army General #MarkandayKatju and compares #Abhijeet to a #donkey! @adgpi False
Trump's visa crackdown has Indian students considering Canada and Ireland False
.@George_Clinton at #Coachella: "The older you get, the fresher funk gets" False
Troop 6000 is the first in New York City composed solely of homeless girls False
J. Cole shares footage of the SWAT team raid that inspired “Neighbors.” False
This guy does look like Tom Hardy True
Giant whale shark caught on camera by US divers True
Meet the teen sexual assault survivors who took on their school district and won False
Berliners get an appetite for refugees’ cuisine False
Fugitive Mexican governor Javier Duarte arrested in Guatemala False
#Coachella day 2 midday report: @BanksandSteelz, @LocalNatives &amp; more False
Street kids False
Hospital grants dying man's last request of a cigarette and a glass of wine True
Devastating aftermath of the 'Mother of all Bombs' False
America's next major tech centers:

1. Salt Lake City, UT
2. Denver, CO
3. Atlanta, GA False
From @RanveerOfficial to @iamsrk, everything from the #entertainment world is just a click away! True
A border wall could be bad news for wild cats False
#ICYMI: What is the Mother Of All Bombs? #MOAB True
#ICYMI: US researchers discover new way to procure water from thin air False
'I love you Mommy': Mother shares 4-year-old son's final moments of cancer battle False
Britney Spears fan pranks Southwest Airlines &amp; receives the perfect response True
Christian towns in Iraq’s Kurdistan region show both heartbreaking damage and signs of resilience after ISIS terror False
Kirk Ferentz makes the list of college football’s most overpaid coaches False
Why this 6th-grade girl purposefully broke her school's sexist dress code True
#Coachella 🌴 secondary ticket prices tick up after midweek slump False
AMD is betting on extra-fast Wi-Fi to help boost VR False
Watch Kendrick, Lady Gaga, and more on the Coachella live stream False
US governor covers budget plan with dung False
Opinion: Can Nikki Haley make the boys' club work for her? False
Ed Sheeran recreated as "Egg Sheeran" for Easter is as amazing as it sounds False
Here's what life is like in the world's most crowded cities False
Can French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron deliver on his promise to remake the country? False
Tanzania police killed in highway ambush False
U.S. bombing of tunnel complex in eastern Afghanistan killed 36 Islamic State fighters, Afghan officials say. False
UPDATE: PNG police respond to reports of shooting at #ManusIsland detention centre False
Bellagio Hotel in Las Vegas suddenly bursts into flames False
Burger King makes a whopper of a mess with Google Home ad True
#ICYMI: Your best pictures from around Australia this week via @abcopen True
Inside the world of competitive sign spinning True
Charlie Murphy's Prince sketch was a work of genius False
There was no denying how special Kobe’s farewell was, and opposing players knew it  False
.@TomiLahren says she is "deeply hurt" by @theblaze's decision to pull her from the air. False
9-year-old boy injured during San Bernardino school shooting earlier this week is "recovering well." False
Donald Trump says relations with Russia 'may be at all-time low' False
WINNER reach a new peak on World Digital Song Sales with latest comeback #InnerCircle False
James Baldwin’s archive, long hidden, comes (mostly) into view True
alas. True
Food delivery robots are now delivering orders in two San Francisco neighborhoods: False
Can You Solve These Anagrams Of Classic Book Titles? True
A fixed date for Easter? Don't count on it happening any time soon #premium False
Tech companies are pushing the FCC to preserve its net neutrality rules False
Two Illinois men charged with conspiring to provide material support to ISIS. False
Taiwan just banned eating dog and cat meat False
Snorkeling anytime soon? Help scientists track coral bleaching False
Federal Government program hopes to keep medical specialists in regional areas  #auspol #rural #health False
Bill O'Reilly goes on vacation for some 'R&amp;R' amid sexual harassment scandal False
"Why should U.S. taxpayers be interested in Ukraine?" Tillerson asks False
Retired Army colonel blasts Trump administration for "rank amateurism" False
NASA will present new discoveries about the ocean worlds in our solar system later this week False
President Trump’s proposed EPA cuts go far beyond climate change False
Dailymotion will relaunch this summer and focus on premium content False
The average MLB team value is up 19% in 2017, thanks to profitable TV contracts False
Ric Flair kicked out of an Indiana bar for insulting an employee, per @WrestlingSheet

🎥: False
19 photographs that prove Japan is the most beautiful place on Earth right now True
Sec. of State Rex Tillerson denounces Russia's "failure" to ensure the elimination of chemical weapons in Syria False
Chinese technology conglomerate LeEco is sharply scaling back its U.S. ambitions False
These are Asia's best universities for 2017: True
Can You Pass This Spelling Test Designed For 10-Year-Olds? True
Florida sheriff wants to make it hard for heroin dealers to sleep at night in bizarre video False
Alaska Airlines is getting a little purple over its merger with Virgin America False
Britain's most senior civil servant has been dragged into a row over setting the Libor False
Nail-biting moment that a helpless dog is winched up to safety from a well False
Get creeped out by this tense trailer for the new WikiLeaks documentary True
How much can #TopInfluencers make on Instagram and YouTube? True
 True
You may take your shoes off out of courtesy, but should you do it to avoid germs, too? True
Trump's visa crackdown has Indian students considering Canada and Ireland False
#ICYMI: The social media problems gripping our girls True
China recognizes danger of North Korea's nuclear program and agrees action must be taken, says US Secretary of State False
Norway is building the world's first ship tunnel by smashing through a solid rock peninsula False
Gilberto Nunez case: Judge has harsh words for dentist at sentencing False
Taylor Swift's home has been designated as a historic landmark False
17 times pizza was disrespected in the worst possible ways True
Before reaching the launch pad, rocket’s price may be returning to Earth False
Facebook launches resource to spot "fake news" False
Foreign bankers are annoyed by Brexit uncertainty and they're asking to be sent home False
Could stem cells offer hope for autism? False
Watch @TheChainsmokers perform "Paris" during their #SNL debut. False
UK royals to commemorate WW1 battle False
Court rules Alabama gov. impeachment hearings can move forward False
Harry Styles' biggest #SignoftheTimes influences False
Kevin Chappell holes out from 131 yards for eagle 🔥 #TheMasters

🎥: False
17 realities everyone who is child free by choice knows False
Watch this jet-powered exosuit turn an inventor into real-life Iron Man  via @NBCNewsMACH True
Texas A&amp;M WR Kirk Merritt's lawyer gives unbelievable reason for client's indecent exposure. True
Analysis | Americans hated the idea of strikes against Syria in 2013. But Trump's could be different. False
Kobe defended Russ when the MVP candidate was asked about hunting assists late vs. Phoenix False
 False
Japanese scientists plan to drill through Earth's crust to the molten mantle False
Student makes ridiculous Twitter bet for free Wendy’s chicken nuggets False
WA Government ramps up pressure for Perth Mayor's resignation False
Over 11% of Uber and Lyft drivers failed newly mandated background checks in Massachusetts False
Professor Snape is probably still alive and this fan theory proves it True
#Palestinian activist's visa revoked hours before travel to #Australia over possible 'risk to good order' False
Man proves, once again, that kindness can be a calling True
Topshop's mannequin has been criticized for being too thin False
Derrick Rose’s upcoming free agency was looking bleak even before his injury False
Sam Darnold, Nick Bosa will be among the top sophomore stars in college football next season False
Sweden torn over how to handle incoming terrorists --via @brookefoxnews False
Outrage as women are only allowed to run 6 miles in Tehran's first-ever 26 mile marathon False
"You heard it before, special things happen to special people. That was a special moment." True
Donald Trump bombed Syria exactly 100 years after the US joined the First World War False
Jobs growth comes in 87,000 less than expected False
High-speed Hyperloop track ready for first trial run False
US strikes on Syria: the death toll currently stands at 14 False
Man accused of planting bombs in NJ and NYC wants his federal trial moved to Vermont. False
Woman knocked into Thames in #londonattack becomes fifth to die False
#ICYMI: Read @realDonaldTrump's statement on the US air strikes in #Syria False
A body cam captured a cop’s violent encounter with a teen — but a new law keeps the video secret False
WATCH: People Ignore Woman With Her Head Stuck in NYC Subway Doors True
Yadier Molina couldn’t find the baseball…because it was stuck to his chest protector 🤔

🎥: False
YouTube TV launches in five markets False
Isis kidnapping women and selling them as sex slaves in Libya False
Which chemical weapon was used in Syria? Here’s what investigators know. True
These #engagement pictures of tiny #puppies are buckets upon buckets of cuteness! #CutenessOverload 🐶🤣😍 True
Father of Hawaii boy who went missing 20 years ago pleads guilty to manslaughter. False
In dramatic testimony, witness describes trooper's dying moments True
Teen repeats #BlackLivesMatter 100 times on Stanford application, gets in False
The world's 18 greatest cities for food True
Smoking causes one in 10 deaths worldwide, study shows False
What you need to know about Devin Nunes, Susan Rice and the "unmasking" controversy: False
Luke Shaw vows to stay at Manchester United and prove José Mourinho wrong  via @guardian_sport False
Police ask for public's help IDing woman who claims she's a mermaid named "Joanna" False
This high school is fighting the joy-killing, suicide-inducing anxiety that so many teens face. It hasn't been easy. False
Mike + the Mechanics (@officialmatm) premiere "Let Me Fly" title track False
Why Russia's claims over the Syria chemical attack 'don't add up' True
Adam Wainwright getting paid $19.5 million this season for this wild pitch

🎥: False
Man arrested in 'targeted' killing of Atlanta lawyer in broad daylight, police say. False
This is the technology everyone who breaks their smartphone screen has been waiting for False
Is it OK for joggers to run in a cemetery? False
WhatsApp may be about to implement a payment service on its platform in India False
Girl had a perfect response when asked why she wanted a black doll True
Syrian attack strongly suggests exposure to toxic nerve agent False
Protesters are planning nationwide marches to demand Trump release his tax returns False
Trump administration to China on North Korea: "The clock has run out" False
 True
U.S. stocks close in positive territory after an up-and-down day False
The Machines Are Eating Wall Street True
The Warriors are right where they want to be False
Goldman's former Manhattan headquarters are close to being sold, source says False
A cat or superhero? This cute little kitty is recovering from a fire faster than #Wolverine probably would have 😱😍🙌 True
Missing teens in D.C.: Cases highlight dangers for runaways False
Why Democrats aren't worried about the 'nuclear option' True
Hilarious photos capture petty acts of revenge around the world False
Spring TV preview 2017: Get the scoop on new and returning shows False
Racer's motorcycle catches fire in the middle of Superbike World qualifier

🎥: False
#ICYMI: Girl escaped car that entered Tweed River, three other passengers feared dead False
"The President is merely decorative, anyway": Shirley Povich on Opening Day first pitches False
President Trump welcomes Egypt's President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi to the White House. False
.@FLOTUS Melania Trump's first official White House portrait revealed False
Oof. True
UNC seeks redemption after last year's loss. Gonzaga looks to make school history.

Everything you need to know: True
Why Fox stock is immune to Bill O'Reilly scandal True
Theresa May calls attack on asylum seeker 'abominable' and backs Tory MP who described attackers as 'scum' False
Teacher becomes one of the youngest people ever to die of dementia True
A company in #Kolkata has just launched the first #biogas fuelled bus in the city with a flat fare of just Re 1 False
Homeowner arrested after killing intruder in his shower: Police: False
The long history of political fights over Supreme Court seats False
What economics has to say about housing bubbles True
EPA chief assailed – and applauded – for not banning controversial pesticide False
Trump says U.S. willing to take unilateral action on North Korea False
Richard Nixon's lawyer issues ominous warning about Trump False
We compared prices at Whole Foods and Trader Joe's — and the results were surprising True
.@ImRo45 is all set for his comeback on the field. How excited are you to watch him play? #cricket False
Kansas' Frank Mason wins the Naismith Trophy for most outstanding player False
22 mindblowing books for anyone who’s slightly obsessed with true crime True
U.K.’s challenge: reconciling its Brexit aims False
Woman who filmed her maid falling from a building and didn't try to help 'detained by police' False
A running tally of all the Democrats voting against Neil Gorsuch: False
54 of the most hilariously bad Amazon movie reviews True
Now that we are to be a sovereign nation again, we must bring back imperial units #premium False
A bird's eye view of Mocoa, site of one of Colombia's worst natural disasters. False
Colombia landslide death toll rises to more than 250 False
"Galat aur bohot galat mein se chun na ho, toh aap kya chunenge?" #MomTeaser
#mom @SrideviBKapoor True
Egypt’s central bank sees the local currency exchange rate appreciating False
More than 100 dead as flooding swept through a small city in Colombia False
The week's happy news True
Michael Flynn initially failed to disclose payments from Russia-linked firms False
Say goodbye to Twitter eggs, not trolls False
Tracy McGrady will be enshrined as part of the 2017 Basketball Hall of Fame class: False
The Boss Baby director addresses 'timely' Donald Trump comparisons False
The Ravens tried to fool fans into thinking they're taking a boat to their 2017 London game: False
Isaiah Hicks is on the doorstep of redemption after title game heartbreak False
Tiger Woods bows out of Masters just before 20th anniversary of his 12-shot triumph False
3 arrested in Atlanta fire underneath interstate bridge False
Three arrested in connection with large fire that collapsed portion of Atlanta highway False
Analysis: 86 percent of Trump counties make less in a year than 27 Trump staffers are worth False
10 things the Samsung Galaxy S8 can do that the iPhone can't True
8 Brilliant philosophers who taught us a great deal about #life! #lifelessons True
What I’m really thinking: the failed novelist True
Yes, scrolling through Instagram can actually make you healthier. See why  via @NBCNewsBETTER True
Alleged ISIS recruit Zakaryia Abdin was accused of terrorist activity in past False
Could we get a spinoff after the #GrimmFinale? The creators weigh in: False
Many Democrats see Gorsuch as an illegitimate pretender to the seat that belongs to Merrick Garland False
Uniqlo might pull out of the U.S. over Trump threats: False
The latest reported reason teams aren't signing Colin Kaepernick: His vegan diet True
South Carolina teen nabbed at airport charged with trying to join ISIS False
Here's why people are concerned over the closing of Riker's Island False
How all-woman death squads are taking over Mexico's drug wars False
Analysis: The entire coal industry employs fewer people than Arby’s False
Amazon CEO @jeffbezos is now the second richest man in the world False
Fans give back to beloved Pittsburgh artist and dying partner  via @NBCOUT False
Trump hasn’t ruled out raising the national debt to cut taxes  via @YahooNews False
LeBron James appeared to take a jab at Lonzo Ball before the Cavs game against the Bulls. False
Twitter's 140-character limit won't include usernames anymore False
Kanye West joins Mary J. Blige on new song "Love Yourself": False
Christopher Nolan debuted new Dunkirk footage at CinemaCon and the audience were stunned False
Former No. 1 overall pick Brady Aiken’s story is unique…and still being written False
Marco Rubio says hackers targeted his campaign aides False
Democrats need 41 senators to filibuster Trump's nominee to the Supreme Court. Here's how they pan to vote. False
Facebook is taking on GoFundMe with a personal donation feature False
CNN commentator Angela Rye slams former Rep. Joe Walsh: 'That's what makes you a bigot!' False
Top GOP senator takes shot at Paul Ryan for discouraging Trump from working with Democrats False
Poisoned Russian activist delivers rebuke of Putin regime in Senate testimony. False
FDA approves MS drug that costs $65K False
FBI director Comey: 'We're not on anybody's side, ever.': False
Hillary Clinton's back in the spotlight, but decidedly not on the campaign trail False
Brexit: Don't blackmail us over security, EU warns False
Why some Trump voters in Texas oppose the Mexico border wall True
Florida man hugs, then fatally stabs roommate who was saying goodbye, according to police False
Stephen Colbert and a cartoon owl take down Trump over 'clean coal' False
1. Mike Trout 
2. Mookie Betts
???. Kris Bryant 

@ESPNFantasy rankings with the season almost here: False
A dance troupe adds fresh faces. The youngest is 66. False
Lululemon collapses 16% after earnings warn about a 'slow start' to the year False
These climate doubters want to create a "red team" to challenge climate science True
Alleged getaway driver "instructed" slain teen burglary suspects to rob home, court docs say False
Doctor sliced off four-year-old boy's PENIS while performing circumcision False
Analysis: Apparently, Mexico may have to host the wall, too False
Indian red faces over tallest flag at Pakistan border False
Kristen Bell and James Corden should NOT sing duets together. False
Mark Latham: Sky Australia host fired for offensive comments False
Hands-on with Samsung's latest flagship smartphones, the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ False
James Corden adds a "Touch" of Little Mix to #LateLateShow False
Row after Norway Muslim group appoints spokeswoman in full-face veil False
Things people do for a good night #sleep! True
Preteen girl's hands covered in third-degree burns after making "slime" False
Local officials grapple with Trump's fearmongering on "sanctuary city" policies False
Fact check: Trump’s misleading words on energy and jobs False
Miami "toxic tush" doctor sentenced to 10 years for providing lethal butt injections: False
SiriusXM celebrates two days of dance at #MW2017 with Above &amp; Beyond, Hardwell, Marshmello &amp; more False
US bank Wells Fargo agrees $110m lawsuit settlement False
Auburn player, Florida coach have altercation at post-game handshake

🎥: False
GOP congressman turns science committee into a platform for his own anti-science views False
A timeline of Drake &amp; OBJ's ongoing bromance False
Trump travels to EPA to reverse the agency's long, hard work on climate change False
Jay Cutler is embracing the "free" in free agency False
Why Nicki wouldn't let Kanye appear on "Right Thru Me" even though he begged False
Lending for New York City real estate projects was down 17% in 2016 False
Michigan and the city of Flint agree to replace 18,000 home water lines by 2020. False
U.S. hedge fund Elliott backs deal to buy AC Milan soccer club False
Twins with natural hair go viral on YouTube  via @YahooBeauty False
Oil exploration firm in 'largest undeveloped discovery' on the UK Continental Shelf False
This designer clothing line is both stylish and bulletproof True
4 steps to building respect with difficult people at work True
Pharrell Williams' early life to be made into movie musical False
Church accuses Mexicans who work on Trump wall of 'treason' False
Alexei Navalny, Russian opposition leader, jailed for resisting police orders: False
Michael Keaton's Vulture flies in in the trailer for the trailer for 'Spider-Man: Homecoming' False
World's biggest dinosaur footprint found in 'Australia's Jurassic Park' True
'Condemned' South Korean dogs find sanctuary in the US False
DC mayor announces new initiatives to help find missing children False
Idaho woman blames Bigfoot for auto wreck False
NYPD officer resigns to avoid being fired after shooting of unarmed teen. False
BT fined £42m over delays to high-speed cable installation False
Carrie Fisher's last-ever "Star Wars" scenes are staying just as they are False
Family home should be in pension assets test: Tony Shepherd #ausbiz (Pic: AAP) False
"Like for sure" True
Just like Walmart: Seattle's Headset does big data analytics for the cannabis industry False
This guy had the best passive aggressive response to his dirty roommate True
.@Aerosmith's biggest Billboard #Hot100 hits False
The world’s largest hedge fund just published a 60-page paper on populism False
There will be at least one and quite possibly two SEC teams present at the Final Four.

But which? False
Gulp! Water increasingly unaffordable for many Americans True
Assisted-living worker accused of filming residents having sex False
These hidden gems serve West African dishes you’d be hard-pressed to find anywhere else True
Wild 3-pointer at the buzzer gives Florida victory over Wisconsin False
Army vet awarded Bronze Star for bravery in Vietnam battle False
Maryland considers cracking down on drivers who linger in the left lane False
The surprising origins of your f*cking favorite swear words True
LOL, yes, the Game of Thrones showrunners hated HBO's stupid ice-melting stunt as much as you did True
#Meat suppliers announced indefinite strike to oppose UP govt's crackdown on unlicensed #slaughterhouses and shops. False
Julianne Hough gets honest about dealing with endometriosis True
EU leaders mark bloc's 60th anniversary as turning point False
The everyday trauma of childbirth made me stop at one child False
31 super cheap earrings for anyone who always loses their earrings False
"Y'all up to somethin'": Kendrick Lamar blasts President Trump on Russia in new song False
Elon Musk: Tesla will start taking orders for its solar roof in April False
These are the countries with the highest refusal rates for U.S. visas: False
Trump worked a few weeks on health care. White House claims he gave it "his all." False
Trump and aides pushed for a health vote so they could shame Republicans who opposed it. Paul Ryan talked them down. False
Planned Parenthood’s President: "It’s time for Ivanka to stand for women” False
U.S. targets more than 200 Indians for deportation, says India’s top diplomat False
Nick Chubb headlines the senior class of players making a run at Heisman False
Hey! You! Quick! The Nintendo Switch is on Amazon right now False
The 20-year-old leading the March Against Revenge Porn True
61 cringe thoughts you have while getting a bikini wax True
Even Germany's post office is building an electric vehicle False
Ukip wars: Arron Banks asks for his money back and submits invoice to Ukip for £200,000 False
Justice Department settles antitrust claim against DirecTV False
Sanchez will provide a veteran presence behind quarterback Mike Glennon. False
Chinese soccer team’s upset victory over South Korea averts threats of fan unrest False
A shocking new study just disproved the 130-year-old theory about where dinosaurs came from True
Smiling Sharia policewomen decide how many lashes an ‘algojo’ enforcer dish out to women False
Ebay's launches standardized delivery speeds in attempt to compete with Amazon Prime and Jet False
The Kinks' Dave Davies and son Russ Davies team up for 'Path is Long' - premiere False
Google wants to fix tech’s diversity problem with an outpost for historically black colleges True
Europe poised for total ban on bee-harming pesticides False
After acquisition, Alaska Air decides to retire the Virgin America brand in 2019 False
Westminster attacker named by police as Khalid Masood False
5 nonsensical claims from Donald Trump's latest interview False
Nigel Farage had the worst response to the Westminster attack True
Russia accused of 'state terrorism' as ex-MP shot dead in Ukraine False
After his son's final high school game, @Buccigross reflects on where the love of hockey begins. False
Dave Chappelle on his friendship with Prince False
You can now search for a doctor using emoji False
Hong Kong's new leader will inherit the world's freest economy, but also a fragile one False
"It's hard to talk right now."

Jason Day eventually found the words, and did what he had to do. True
Kith and Aimé Leon Dore channel the island of Mykonos in their new collaboration: False
#Wall St: US share markets finish mixed #finance #business (Pic: Reuters) False
People are calling this rescue pup a hero after her family wrote this heartbreaking letter False
Who taught Gov. Huckabee to tweet and when will it stop? True
"Glow" is proof that a Drake/Kanye album could actually work False
One of the biggest hedge fund launches in recent memory is prepping to double in size False
Even Sears has doubts about its survival True
Chuck Barris, creator and host of the 'Gong Show,' dead at 87 False
India becomes the second country to give rivers human status False
#ICYMI: Meet the women who don't want to become mums True
French Interior Minister Bruno Le Roux resigns False
Northern Gas Pipeline contractor axed, Jemena to re-tender for partner (pic: Jemena) False
#MaheshSharma said the #Centre “would love” to mediate between the two sides involved in the #Ayodhyacase False
Christopher Knight crept off into a Maine forest sometime in 1986. He avoided human contact for three decades. False
Did this guy steal Tom Brady’s Super Bowl jersey? ZOOM AND ENHANCE. True
Between China and the U.S., the wage gap is rapidly narrowing False
Try again. True
Last year's bizarre weather proves man-made climate change IS real, scientists say False
Ivanka Trump prohibited her brand from using her face, but an ethics expert isn't satisfied False
Our messed-up relationship with food has a long history. It started with butter. False
Tune in for continuing coverage of the #GorsuchHearing on Fox News Channel. False
Top #entertainment stories from the day True
Italians protest in mafia stronghold of Locri False
A $45M contract has Bears QB Mike Glennon headlining our all-overpaid free agency squad False
Weed raids kill more people than actual weed, according to data False
New documents show Trump aide hid payments from Ukraine party with Moscow ties, lawmaker alleges False
15 brilliant home decor tips we learned from Joanna Gaines False
'If it ain't broke, don't fix it': Ethnic groups question changes to #18C False
Living in London is cheaper now than it has been in decades, according to one metric False
A look back at the life of Martin McGuinness True
Hilarious dad taught twin daughters how scare people in hotels halloways True
Why every millennial should consider funding a Roth IRA: True
Norway is the world's happiest country, a survey finds. The United States ranked 14th. False
All 49 passengers and crew survive after passenger plane crash-lands and burns in Wau, South Sudan. False
This study debunks the idea that there's a "beauty premium" in salaries True
Crying fowl: giant chicken or costume? Chicken looks like a ‘grown man in a costume,’ according to internet False
The Samsung Galaxy S8 is going to have one big advantage over the iPhone 8 True
Gonzaga now has the best chance to win the NCAA Tournament False
Thanks to the contributions by Sir #JagadishChandraBose, the world will enjoy 5G Internet very soon! #Respect False
An inside look at 9 months spent on Trump's campaign: True
As Secretary of State Rex Tillerson toured Asia, North Korea revved the engine of its new high-thrust missile False
Fire near downtown Boulder, Colo. forces evacuations  #FOXNewsUS False
'I wished I'd die': Harrowing account of life under ISIS False
21 funny texts that you won’t be able to get through without laughing True
This is the world's most beautiful tiny house True
some very serious bamboozle charges here True
Opinion: Liberal colleges can be lonely places for conservatives — and turn them into firebrands False
Watch @BonJovi cover Chuck Berry's "Johnny B. Goode" at Ohio concert False
Tillerson's China trip ends with warm words from President Xi False
How Erdoğan’s ruthless drive for more power is shaking a divided Europe True
Indian engineer named Saddam Hussain cannot get a job False
Berlin, the city of artists, hipsters and an anything-goes spirit, is now fighting gentrification False
Why the Whitney's humanist, pro-diversity biennial is a revelation, according to our critic False
#Muslim community has begun to raise its voice against the practice of #TripleTalaq. False
NEW: North Korea tests newly developed high-thrust rocket engine False
Word salad. True
This indestructible coffee machine is for extreme caffeine addicts True
NASA included Chuck Berry's 'Johnny B. Goode' in a time capsule sent to space to represent life on Earth False
Pill that's really a thermometer could improve survival rates for frail people False
Aged care program helping #seniors live at home longer undergoes 'wonderful' change False
SNL star-turned-politician Al Franken has found a new role in the Trump era False
Flights resume but chaos endures after Paris airport terror attack False
Here's how far your money will get you in 10 popular vacation destinations True
The 'Fuzzy Wuzzy Angels' rescued hundreds of wounded men from the bloody jungle battlefields of New Guinea False
Uber board has full confidence in CEO Kalanick, Arianna Huffington says False
More on Paris Orly Airport shooting: Suspect was killed after he seized a gun from a soldier False
Millennials: these are the most common mistakes you could make with your money True
Coroner urges Government to roll out Meningitis B vaccine to all youngsters after teenage girl's death False
'Bee hotels' made from recycled TVs helping to attract native bees back to suburbs False
#CBSE tells schools to ensure that there is no insult to the #NationalFlag False
This Visual Test Will Determine If You’re An Optimist Or A Pessimist True
Surely THIS will True
Debt doesn't have to be a dirty 4-letter word False
"Whatever we, as individuals, may feel... the President’s decision was well within the powers of the presidency." True
September trial planned for Trey Songz if no plea agreement False
.@realDonaldTrump meets Angela Merkel, says they have wire-tapping in common False
Analysis: Trump’s brutal cuts would do nothing to balance the budget False
Airbnb guests TRASH home with a party, leaving faeces on the floor False
Niall Horan celebrates #StPatricksDay by joking about his Irishness on Twitter False
Brave students return to French school just one day after classmate's shooting spree False
This "paper airplane" drone is nearly indestructible True
For Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, the easier part of his Asia trip is over False
'Spider-Man' villain Venom will have his own movie in theaters sooner than you think. False
White officer seeking to throw out fatal shooting video False
Everyone loves Bernie Sanders. Except, it seems, the Democratic party | Trevor Timm True
Parents reject claim Aboriginal man tried to kill himself in prison False
NEW: Missiles fired from Syria at Israeli jets after airstrikes False
"The Big Dance" is underway: here's how you can stream this year's #MarchMadness games False
Why the food industry is about a lot more than just food: True
Pornhub is giving us all a reason to dress up like a panda and have sex. True
Dear NBA fans, stop slandering college basketball False
26-year-old 'echo boomers' are running wild in America — here's what they're all about True
Letter bomb explodes at IMF office in France, 1 injured | False
Golfer Phil Mickelson has been deemed a key figure in a $40 million insider trading trial False
JUST IN: @nikkihaley to @TODAYshow's @MLauer on Trump's tweets: "What he does, faults and all, he's our president" False
Dad dresses like a troll in a tutu to help shy daughter conquer fears False
“This ruling makes us look weak. We’re going to take our case as far as it needs to go," said President Trump. False
Rep. Steve King’s reality is scarier than Stephen King’s fiction, Seth Meyers says False
Kelsea Ballerini, Alessia Cara &amp; Jordan Fisher to perform at 2017 #RDMA (exclusive) False
Liquid gold: Beehives stolen as New Zealand honey prices soar; crime ring blamed False
Sleeping passenger awakens to her headphones exploding during flight False
Actor Kal Penn shares scripts revealing Indian stereotypes in Hollywood True
3 powerful ways to boost 401(k) returns in 2017 True
Daniel Kaluuya: 'In Britain I’m too black, in America I'm not black enough' False
Mattis pulls Pentagon pick over Muslim Brotherhood fears False
Here comes CPI... True
Here's what Nostradamus predicted about 2017 True
The @WhiteHouse said @realDonaldTrump paid $38 million in taxes on more than $150 million in income in 2005 False
American Airlines is bringing back free meals on some flights False
US says Colombia's coca production surges to record levels False
Two people shot on freeway in Southern California; gunman on loose False
Payment delays by electricity retailers are causing problems for this Indian business False
Employers can ban head scarves at work, the European Union's highest court ruled False
Gas companies guarantee supply after crisis meeting #energy #auspol False
South Carolina deputy stops to help girl build snowman while mom with cancer recuperates. False
This ain't over. True
Borders too open? Malaysia becomes a killing ground for other people's conflicts False
#GeertWilders makes national identity focus of Dutch election campaign  (Pic: AP) False
Percy Harvin retiring for the second time, per @JFowlerESPN False
NO REGRETS: @TobyKeithMusic glad to play for #Trump, says others caved False
This literature map of the world is simply brilliant True
Bill Nye has some advice for President Trump about getting to Mars False
Do you think this is fair?
#BanOnHeadscarves #EU True
Saudi Arabia tells OPEC it raised oil output back above 10 million barrels last month False
Vince Carter turns back the clock during historic performance for Grizzlies. False
Nearly 6,000 flights canceled as major blizzard hits Northeast. False
Why Germans think the #blizzard isn't a bad omen for Angela Merkel's trip to U.S. False
The U.S. Justice Department wants more time to find evidence to back Trump's wiretap claim False
Jared Cook will meet with Seahawks, per @RapSheet False
"It's not just about appealing to our egos," increasingly frustrated social climber says for 20th time this week. True
Liberal Germans boycotted this American’s burger joint after Trump won. Then the right came to his rescue. False
Michelle Obama gave 'Black-ish' star @YaraShahidi a letter of recommendation for college 🙌🏾 False
German chancellor Merkel postpones trip to Washington until after storm hits north-east False
Passengers left without food and loo roll on British Airways flights False
Why our parents did holidays better than us True
Thank you for your support, which is more important now than ever True
The Boston women who knit sweaters for chickens True
Larry Sanders is back in the NBA; Agreed to a contract with the Cavs, per @ShamsCharania False
#ArunJaitley was given the additional charge of the Defence Ministry after @manoharparrikar resigned. False
Canada's highest court rules that Donald Trump misled investors False
Three bachelors played a key, behind-the-scenes role in building the #BJP's victory in Uttar Pradesh. True
Analysis: Does One Nation's flop in #WAElection have implications for the Queensland poll? False
Heartbreaking death rocks #TheVampireDiaries series finale False
“At the end of your life, do you want your tombstone to say: 'He was busy'? True
Donald Trump Jr., running the family business, says he has nearly "zero contact" with his father False
NASCAR or MMA?

Kyle Busch punches Joey Logano after race

🎥: False
The final "Game of Thrones" season will only have six episodes False
Study reveals whopping 48M Twitter accounts are actually bots: False
Unsure what happens next in the Brexit process? Here's a guide False
How long various drugs stay in your body False
18 memes only super sensitive people will relate to True
WATCH LIVE: Former VP Joe Biden speaks about Cancer Moonshot at #SXSW False
These stunning portraits show there’s no one kind of Muslim woman False
[serious tweet] Agreed, Bernie Sanders. True
3 arguments Republicans are using to rebut predictions of what Obamacare repeal would mean False
LeBron James says his son is already better in certain ways than he was at 12 years old False
Two fans killed and dozens more are injured in a crush at a pop concert in Argentina False
Missing woman, 20, found dead in car pulled from Missouri River #FoxNewsUS False
17 limited-edition beauty products you need to buy ASAP True
"I guess I got to play by different rules than the rest of the NBA." True
Floyd Mayweather says he's coming out of retirement "just to fight Conor McGregor." False
GOLDMAN SACHS: Hedge funds and mutual funds have very different views on the financials False
Million Women Rise: thousands march through central London False
Mother drugged 9-year-old daughter and burnt her to death amid bitter custody battle False
The Trouble With Disney’s Remake Machine True
Poll analysis: Theresa May’s extended honeymoon as Prime Minister is officially over False
Mother of 5 found shot dead in parking lot False
Models are fashion’s secret social-media weapons True
Pair allegedly hauls body of elderly man 1,300 miles in suitcase False
Woman set alight in #ParkHolme in Adelaide's south in critical condition False
Technology could redefine doctor-patient relationship | Richard Vize True
Get well soon, @iamsrk. #SRK False
Unemployment numbers aren't "phony" to President Trump anymore False
New episode of blonded RADIO on NOW: False
Here’s how TV providers are reaching the cell phone-obsessed True
Dr. Luke wants to subpoena a Kesha fan who helped organized the #FreeKesha protests False
.@ThordisElva publicly reconciled with the man who raped her, but that doesn't mean their struggles are equal False
Someone worked out how much money women spend on their appearance in a lifetime and it's horrifying True
Station wagons are making a comeback True
Nicki Minaj puts Remy Ma on notice: "U got 72 hours to drop a hit." False
Women's festival in London drops controversial event with rapist after protests False
Love Jay-Z and Beyoncé? Then a bar called 'The Carter' is for you False
Top #entertainment stories from the day that was True
#ICYMI: Top #news stories from the day that was True
This was no ordinary flower pot holding up the tulips in an English garden True
New Mexico may become the seventh state to ban LGBT conversion therapy False
Evening Briefing: Here's what you need to know at the end of the day True
Waka Flocka Flame found not guilty of gun charges False
Trevor Noah: "When I see Trump, I see a stand-up comedian" False
22 totally real and totally hilarious ways things got their name True
Akzo Nobel and PPG: Why this trans-Atlantic megadeal could actually happen: False
.@Goldfrapp brings back the synths for "Ocean" from upcoming album (premiere) False
Damien Chazelle’s Neil Armstrong movie slated for 2018: False
Hammond was a picture of relaxed swagger – because he was in the ring alone False
Westgate Park: Why an Australian lake has turned pink True
Key points of the budget 2017 – at a glance True
Kong: #SkullIsland is the best war #movie of the year False
House hunters in Toronto are getting desperate True
The 30 funniest women in Hollywood history: False
Spotify celebrates #InternationalWomensDay with "Women of Latin Music" playlist False
Ivanka Trump clothing brand sales 'boom' False
These are the industries where people stay in their jobs the longest: True
AMA: Trumpcare is 'critically flawed' False
WATCH LIVE: U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley comments on North Korea's missile tests False
Chancellor Philip Hammond announces tax hike for self-employed people False
What will Tim Tebow do in his first at-bat? Will he hit a home run like last time? 

We've got all bases covered: False
Some women are striking from smiling today. Here’s why. True
California fault capable of producing magnitude-7.4 earthquake, study says False
OracleVoice: What drives Linux Guru Wim Coekaerts? Have fun, build things people will use False
Transsexual woman is dragged from her home and beaten to death in a sickening attack False
This jawan alleged that some officers treat their sahayaks as "slaves". @adgpi False
Here's how Trump's new entry ban could weather legal challenges False
.@ato_gov_au office says it cannot be blamed for @Centrelink automated debt recovery system's failings False
Conservatives are furious with Ryan-backed plan to replace Obamacare False
A new wave of bomb threats was received by Jewish centers, Anti-Defamation League offices across the US on Tuesday False
Hungary to detain all asylum seekers in border camps False
Here is how @SushmaSwaraj helped a woman suffering from a heart problem on flight. #awesome False
Amazon shares data with prosecutor in Arkansas murder case. False
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day True
As the Trump administration weighs work-visa changes, information-technology firms boost lobbying efforts False
Visually Impaired Malayalam Singer Chooses Career Over Marriage, Sets A New #WorldRecord! True
Why Trump’s tax cuts are looking iffy  via @YahooFinance False
Damian Lazarus' #getlost reveals 24-hour Miami marathon lineup False
Is Facebook failing to remove obscene content from its pages True
Israel makes it official: The recreational use of marijuana is not a crime False
Watch @joeyBADASS' powerful new video for #LandOfTheFree False
Larry Bird insists he didn’t make any calls regarding Paul George at the trade deadline False
Four key Republican senators say they will oppose House plan to repeal Obamacare False
Marines under investigation for allegedly sharing nude photos of service women. False
Primary schools will have unisex bathrooms, council reveals False
Supreme Court scraps transgender teen Gavin Grimm's bathroom case False
Time to get paid 💰

A look at cap space around the NFL as free agency approaches False
Can You Pass This Challenging Timed Food Quiz? True
Republicans to introduce health care replacement bill this week False
Misogyny, it seems, remains a bipartisan exercise True
SunTrustVoice: 3 countries to do business in now True
Missed the most important stories from yesterday? Read on! True
There are concerns about transparency in the world’s largest military False
At least 16 killed in Panama after bus drives into ravine False
#Victoria's stamp duty cut will raise #house prices, @ScottMorrisonMP says  #auspol False
Legal marijuana could overtake manufacturing in job creation by 2020 False
David Pogue tested 40 Bluetooth earbuds to find the best of the best False
#TrainingDay: Watch the show's touching dedication to Bill Paxton False
The most extreme body modifications in the world revealed False
The highest-paid player on every NBA team False
TSA rolls out new pat-downs, but some travelers say they’re more invasive False
Day 3️⃣

What to watch for at Sunday’s #NFLCombine False
16 incredible reasons to visit Oman right now True
Israel is relaxing its laws on marijuana use False
International Women's Day: What it is, how it started and why it is still needed #March4Women False
Elderly resident unaccounted for after Dallas condo fire True
The eco guide to female-friendly shopping False
Watch Father John Misty perform "Total Entertainment Forever” on #SNL. False
It's not over. True
'Life-giving' rains turn into acid for poor plants and animals. :( False
Bills still unclear on Tyrod Taylor’s future, per @AP_Sports False
Trump accuses Obama administration of wiretapping Trump Tower phones False
Watchdog to launch probe into misuse of data in politics False
China to deliver economic report card at lawmakers' meeting False
Inside Japan's eerie abandoned amusement parks False
'Aboriginalia' and the politics of Aboriginal kitsch  (Pic: Liz Conor) False
Someone made a Trump-Putin Facebook friend anniversary video True
How the "cash me ousside" teen defies expectations for white girls True
Despite the negative stigma, payday loans are not much different from credit cards True
Sessions controversy heightens President Trump’s feeling of being under siege False
Do You Remember The Characters In "Animaniacs"? False
Watch Meghan Trainor's new #ImALady video False
Ohio panhandler, cited by police 250 times, refuses to back down False
Samuel L. Jackson goes full "Pulp Fiction" reading people’s Facebook rants False
DNA proves chicken from these fast-food places isn't all chicken View True
Can immigrants be deported from the US without a court hearing? False
"Better to die than face a court martial", this was his last words. #IndianArmy True
Seal in Japan falls in love with stuffed animal lookalike False
The Weeknd &amp; NAV are up to their necks in models in #SomeWay video True
"Big Bang Theory" stars take pay cut to raise female co-stars' pay, according to reports False
ISIS income has more than halved since 2014 False
Since '85: The Best Air Jordan of Every Year: False
Yelp is now helping users find gender-neutral bathrooms False
Late-night hosts demolish Trump administration’s Russia denials, taking jabs at Jeff Sessions False
That time White House press secretary Sean Spicer was the White House Easter Bunny False
Police: 2 sets of human remains found in Virginia park False
Theresa May lays down independence vote challenge to Sturgeon False
What even is a hipster? Join @guardianopinion's live look at the week to discuss this and more False
Braces can be beautiful. Here’s proof.  via @YahooBeauty True
#KareenaKapoorKhan finally talks about baby #Taimur False
Shares in WPP fell more than 6% after the advertising firm reported its slowest quarter of revenue growth since 2012 False
Man buried alive speaks from beyond the grave True
The agency set up to improve online government services never worked on @Centrelink's automated debt recovery system False
Future provides lively performance of "Incredible" on "Ellen" True
71 powerful photos of women protesting throughout American history False
Trump to address sailors aboard aircraft carrier in Virginia: False
.@JigsawTeam's prototype AI that spots online trolling can be tricked with typos, researchers say False
Prince William proves he’s a kid at heart while building a tent blindfolded False
Will we be able to cryogenically freeze organs one day? True
Ohio father overdoses in car with infant, while mother overdoses at home with kids. False
Democratic women mocked for wearing white  via @YahooNews False
15 things women with endometriosis want you to know True
Antarctica hits record high of 63.5°F False
Twitter cracks its egg problem, adding tools to fight hate and harassment False
Whoa. True
Britain's cushiest jail: The super-prison where inmates are 'men not offenders' False
24 perfectly snarky tweets about this week's episode of #TheBachelor True
95 million people under threat after after deadly Midwest storms False
What you need to know about abortions, but were always too afraid to ask True
Hershey's has some bitter news: It's cutting its global workforce by about 15% False
Six takeaways from Trump's address to Congress True
The widow of a fallen SEAL looked upward and mouthed the words "I love you," as a full House chamber rose to applaud False
The Fed will probably raise its benchmark interest rate this month, Evercore ISI says False
Amazon grapples with outage at AWS cloud service False
Looking for a new role helped this woman realize her salary and career potential: True
Fit for a king True
WATCH LIVE: Pres. Trump makes his first address to joint session of Congress. #JointSession False
Why open data is key to open markets in the era of AI  #WSJCIO True
"My boss made me think I was going mad and suffering from maternity paranoia" True
TEEEEEEBS True
Migrating starlings create breathtaking 'murmurations' as they arrive in Israel False
#Moana star Auli'i Cravalho lands NBC pilot after #Oscars performance False
No such thing as 'finders keepers', police warn as they prosecute shopper who pocketed £20 she found on shop floor False
Unhealthy #intestinal flora intensifies the development of #Alzheimer’s disease False
'They escorted me as if I were a terrorist' True
Jack Nicklaus on Tiger Woods, "I just don't know...where his mind is” False
Stormzy, Thundercat, and Calvin Harris ft. Frank Ocean are our picks for the best new music this week False
The Oscars were not actually a battle against Trump’s America False
Tim Tebow reports to Mets’ spring training camp, shows off power during batting practice 

🎥 False
.@PressSec: Three reviews will be conducted regarding the Yemen raid. False
Reykjavik time-lapse captures overnight snowfall False
The White House is holding a briefing on the President's budget plan. Watch CNN and @CNNgo: False
After the wrong Oscar winner was announced, the words “WHAT IS HAPPENING?” trended on Twitter False
Don't know about you, but this #Trumpsandwich sounds like a complete winner False
Baylor coach walks back her tone-deaf message about sexual-assault scandal False
Oscar nominees protest Trump's travel ban by wearing blue ribbons in support of American Civil Liberties #ACLU False
Just 28 perfect tweets from women about the #oscars True
Revamped and reimagined, the @nokia 3310 is back! 🙌
#Nokia3310 False
#Oscar for Best Documentary (Feature) goes to ‘O.J.: Made in America.’  #Oscars False
A look at the stars arriving on the Oscars red carpet False
Brie Larson reflects on powerful Oscars moment you totally missed True
Chrissy Teigen already gave out the cutest award of #Oscar night False
Remember when Trump mocked Clinton for being wonky? That was a big clue about his presidency False
Oscars 2017: our final awards predictions True
Half of the world's species could die out in 'sixth extinction,' biologists say False
How to eat like Donald Trump at his favorite restaurant False
Jordan Peele's racism-tackling debut "Get Out" earns $30.5 million False
Father of Navy SEAL killed during Yemen raid demands an investigation into its planning False
As those who don't make it at the Oscars will learn, 'losers' have more to gain in life than winners False
The Warriors became the fastest team in NBA history to clinch a playoff spot False
LG G6 has a gorgeous, 5.7-inch screen in a compact body False
'Tilak' on their head will be an identity for their security. Really? #Trump False
Warp speed won't get us to the stars, but this just might  via @NBCNewsMACH True
Syrian cinematographer not allowed to attend #Oscars False
Hi-tech financial firms flee UK amid doubts over Brexit False
'Hamilton' actor Brandon Victor Dixon says he expects political speeches at Oscars False
#Oscar weekend flashback: Justin Timberlake and Ryan Gosling's best moments together on "Mickey Mouse Club" False
Stephen Bannon brought the battle plan. President Trump brought the fight. True
All 25 Oscar nominees receive a $100,000  swag bag — here's what's inside False
Teenagers who smoke cannabis damage their brains for LIFE True
ICYMI: Kevin Durant defended JaVale McGee following Shaq's comments. False
Kim Jong-nam killing: suspect 'paid $90 to take part in prank' False
Dems invite immigrants to Trump's first address to Congress False
How to safely clean your dirty, disgusting smartphone False
.@ThePissedJeans have no idea how a gym works in "The Bar is Low" video False
Oceanographer elephant seals collect crucial data as they dive False
Rumors of Celtics pursuing Jimmy Butler, Paul George reportedly had Cavs ‘on edge' False
How I Learned To Draw Black People Like Me True
Welcome to Halal Denmark. False
Chance the Rapper's brother dropped a new project that includes a sibling collab False
These badass women exercising to Maya Angelou's poetry is all the inspiration you need today True
Watch #TheVoice coaches cover TLC's "Waterfalls" False
Google will give $11.5 million to 10 organizations fighting for racial justice False
Montana abortion bill would force doctors to deliver some fetuses False
Animation expertly skewers Trump’s reversal of transgender bathroom policies False
"They think the rules don't apply to them. And you know what? They are right, the rules don't." True
A Nightwing movie is on the horizon for DC False
Ruger CEO: Gun Sales Can Thrive Under Trump    via @FoxBusiness False
Siemens HealthineersVoice: 4 forces that will impact the future of healthcare digitalization True
"If Theresa May can't stop throwing money at the NHS, it is doomed," writes Jeremy Warner #premium False
Looking forward to Beyonce headlining Coachella? You'll have to wait until 2018: False
.@DannyGokey completes "Rise" to No. 1 on Christian Airplay chart False
#BurnForDAPL False
As the host of the next Olympics, South Korea's hockey teams were guaranteed to play. But they had to find players. False
.@rickyrozay to host 2017 @MTV #Woodies, talks upcoming ninth album (exclusive) False
Kellyanne Conway wants you to know Trump is a fabulous boss for women False
Inauguration Singer @jackieevancho 'Disappointed' in @realDonaldTrump False
Why you should lower your standards, according to science True
Lawmakers are pushing to revive oil drilling in America's largest wildlife refuge False
#RajkummarRao's #Trapped looks promising! - False
Jay Cutler said to be considering retirement False
Newspapers, money and FBI badges True
Horror film about racism earns coveted 100 percent on @RottenTomatoes False
19 times Kris Jenner savagely roasted the hell out of her family True
NASA discovers four new exoplanets that could possibly sustain life  via @NBCNewsMACH False
It's Time To Manage Expectations A Bit With 'Horizon Zero Dawn' False
Iceland's president apologized after he said pineapple pizza should be outlawed. His approval ratings remain high. False
Bitcoin is closing in on its all-time high False
Rockets have reportedly expressed interest in acquiring Iman Shumpert False
Tom Hanks is publishing a short story collection False
How Barry Jenkins made magic with “Moonlight” False
Two women were “trained” to poison Kim Jong Un’s half brother, Malaysian police say False
Study finds that cats don't cause mental illness among their owners False
A woman found a shirt tucked in her windscreen- and she has a serious warning for everyone True
17 Tumblr posts about dads that will make you smile, laugh and maybe cry False
Oddsmakers are pegging “La La Land” as an overwhelming favorite to land Sunday’s biggest prize False
#Immigration Minister @PeterDutton links refugee deals with US, has no issue with "people swap" description:  #auspol False
What you can learn from filing your own taxes for the first time  via @YahooFinance True
White House signals reversal in transgender bathroom policy  via @NBCOUT False
21 thought-provoking books that will stay on your mind for days True
Publishers who never wanted to publish Milo Yiannopoulos’ book are having a field day right now False
Analysis: How Milo Yiannopoulos proves the GOP is stuck in opposition mode False
Only A True Crime Expert Can Get More Than 7/10 On This Quiz True
Everything we know about the next iPhone False
A man has invented the most ridiculous way for women to deal with their periods True
Troops battle to dislodge ISIS from strategic airport False
Nepal transgender model dazzles India True
Israeli soldier to be sentenced for killing Hebron attacker False
Think your fate is written in the stars? Quantum physics tells us otherwise. True
Timberwolves reportedly have had recent talks with the Knicks about a Derrick Rose trade False
#Fitbit will help you stay motivated through the year! @fitbit False
Rhode Island marks anniversary of Station nightclub fire that killed 100 False
Breach at JFK airport lets 11 unchecked passengers on flights: officials False
Please enjoy the many faces of Beyoncé, Jay Z and Blue Ivy at the NBA All-Star Game False
This is the best beard style for every face shape True
.@POTUS should be given a chance to prove himself, Zimbabwe's President Mugabe says False
Sutton’s Craig Eastmond: ‘Arsenal will realise non-league is the real world’  via @guardian_sport False
Revised travel ban targets same seven countries, exempts green card holders False
US Navy sends warships on freedom of navigation operation through South China Sea False
Here's where "Not My President's Day" rallies are taking place across the United States False
.@judgealexferrer: Miami-Dade Dropping Sanctuary Status Is 'Harbinger' of What's to Come False
.@SheriffClarke on Violent Philly Protests: 'This Stuff Is Disastrous' False
What is it like to live next to a prison? True
Trump FL Campaign Rally Coordinator: 'This Is His 1st Re-Election Rally' False
literally hitler dot meme True
Woolly mammoth could be "de-exinct" in two years False
GoFundMe teams up with Special Olympics to empower athletes with disabilities False
India is offering the world’s largest biometric-identity database for use by tech firms. False
SpaceX launches rocket from NASA's historic moon pad at Kennedy Space Center: False
A new German poll shows an unexpected challenge for Merkel True
Photo of 452 IVF needles celebrates pregnancy True
2 new developments and the complications created when the president of the U.S. owns a global real estate company False
Dan Vickerman, former Australia lock, dies aged 37 False
Women go viral after closing their #Nordstrom accounts in support of Ivanka Trump False
Gmail's new upgrade can automatically insert enthusiasm so you don't have to False
Police: Man charged in shooting death of Chicago toddler False
Showing out → knocked out

BCMMA fighter put to sleep with kick to head while dancing

🎥: False
Larry Wilmore to Milo Yiannopoulos: "Go f**k yourself" False
Trump to interview four security adviser candidates on Sunday False
WATCH LIVE: President Trump holds a rally with supporters in Melbourne, Florida False
These will be the 32 most powerful economies in the world by 2050 True
Draymond Green says he hasn't done enough research, but claims the Earth "may be flat." False
Which vinyl record is your state's favorite? Find out: True
Yale Univeristy Group Seeks to Allow Women into All-Male Fraternities False
This story is INSANE: True
The man who brought down one president says Trump is even 'more treacherous' False
The Pacers have made their 2017 first-round pick available, attempting to secure help for Paul George, per sources. False
Donald Trump can clear up questions about his ties to Russia by releasing his tax returns False
Hospitals overcharging for #stents will be penalised @MoHFW_INDIA False
This brewery lets its staff go on paw-ternity leave when they get a new dog 🐶 🍺 True
Woman shot dead; 13-year-old great-grandson among 3 teens charged True
Warriors learn once again that being the best team means the memes are coming False
Senior corporate executive is the 7th most stressful job in 2017. See the full list: False
McConnell demurs when asked if he believes Trump on Russia denials: 'I have no idea' False
Can they search my phone? Here's a guide to your rights at the US border False
Scott Pruitt, Trump's environment pick, gets Senate approval False
[SLIDE DECK] The Internet of Everything — $12.6 trillion ROI expected over the next decade False
Freezing genitals to boost sex drive is apparently a thing people do now True
#ICYMI: A handful of turtle hatchlings from the @abcopen pic of the week gallery 🐢 False
Trump press conference fact-check: What the president got wrong and right False
Latino groups praise pick of Alexander Acosta for Trump's cabinet False
Robert Durst was his best man. Now he's testifying against him. False
Self owned. True
DC lab botched Zika tests involving pregnant women False
Evening Briefing: Here's what you need to know at the end of the day False
Alphabet scraps plan to blanket globe with internet balloons False
Hilarious generator predicts how Sean Spicer would f*ck up your name False
Intelligence officials’ decision to keep information from President Trump highlights a deep mistrust False
Fact check: Pres. Trump's victory was not the biggest Electoral College win since Reagan False
Top #LeT commander #AbuHaris along with three other militants have also been killed during the #encounter False
🏀 @JHarden13 is our @NBA MVP at the All-Star break False
A 7-year-old girl wrote a letter to the "Google Boss" and he replied ever so sweetly False
This deleted scene from #DearZindagi will tell you why closures are important in life True
#Parliament could limit your #wedding expenses to ₹5 lakh, dishes served at ceremony True
Grammy producer Ken Ehrlich apologizes for Metallica, Shirley Caesar glitches False
.@jaketapper calls out President Trump on conspiracy theories False
Former CIA official: Every president comes in office and says, "Wow. There's gambling in Vegas &amp; people in DC leak" False
Andy Puzder is on the ropes, may be first Trump nominee to go down False
You can now apply and interview for jobs entirely within Facebook False
Sex expert reveals how to tell if someone's really into you (and the subconscious signals you're sending back) True
Office of Government Ethics asks White House to investigate Kellyanne Conway. False
Hundreds of thousands of people allowed to return to their homes around Oroville Dam False
Mystery of a 35-year-old phone call is focus of Robert Durst hearing False
Man mistakenly texted former boss in search of hitman False
27.5% of job listings go unfilled in the U.S. — see how other countries are doing True
Watch: Thor and his Aussie roommate Darryl are busy arguing about rent money now False
The government was warned that the Oroville Dam emergency spillway was unsafe. It didn’t listen. False
Fed Chair Yellen says it would be "unwise" to wait too long to hike interest rates False
From sea to plate: how plastic got into our fish False
WATCH LIVE: House GOP leaders discuss Obamacare repeal False
UK PM Theresa May rejects petition that would bar Pres. Trump from official state visit. False
Listen to @Maroon5's new song #COLD feat. @1future False
Donald Trump just swore in a hedge fund manager with an unusual name and a famous girlfriend True
Michael Flynn departs, but the White House is already in flames False
Nearly 200,000 forced from their homes in California due to dam emergency False
Canadian PM Trudeau says he won't 'lecture' Trump on US immigration policy False
Ku Klux Klan killing: Frank Ancona's wife and stepson charged False
Former New York prison worker who helped two convicted murderers escape is denied parole False
The tragic life of the 'Princess with the Sad Eyes' revealed True
Blast at Pakistan protest rally kills at least 16 False
Here's how your home Wi-Fi is going to get a lot better True
New 'world's longest flight' travellers endure 16 hours of just sitting there False
At least 188,000 people have been evacuated from several Northern California counties due to Oroville Dam damage False
WATCH LIVE on CBSN: News conference in NorCal on possibility of nation's tallest dam overflowing False
SAPVoice: One solution that turns shipping delays to your advantage True
Mexicans march to protest Trump — but also their own leaders and politicians False
Watch Beyonce's sublime performance at the Grammys False
WATCH LIVE: Steve Aoki chats with CBSN's @vladduthiersCBS from the #Grammys red carpet False
Syria's brutal war is moving towards another round of peace talks False
Golden age of darts in the right place to capture millennial generation #premium False
Justin Theroux just posted a pic for Jennifer Aniston’s birthday and our hearts are melting True
Al Jarreau: Seven-time Grammy-winning jazz singer dies at 76 False
The world finally has a vaccine that could end cholera, one of history’s great scourges. But will we do it? False
Australia 'running behind' in #obesity prevention policy, health specialists say False
Grammys 2017: What to Watch For True
For Ivanka Trump's brand, Nordstrom may be tip of the iceberg False
Fires ravage rural areas of New South Wales, Australia False
San Francisco to become first major U.S. city to install "comfort women" memorial False
There are... some better ideas than this. True
Scientists warn rising sea levels endanger vital coastal salt marshes False
At least 17 people dead and dozens injured after a stampede at a football stadium in Angola False
These insanely creepy 1860s images were captured to study the physics of human expression False
Bye bye, Bao Bao: National zoo reveals date panda will leave for China  via @NBCWashington False
A snow moon + a partial lunar eclipse 🌕 False
Why Katy Perry's 'Chained to the Rhythm' is cotton candy political pop False
Trump administration signals change in policy for transgender students False
Knicks owner James Dolan fires MSG security chief, says former star Oakley "never should’ve made it to his seat" False
Retired NASCAR star Tony Stewart returns to sprint cars False
Homeland Security head is pressed to define "sanctuary city" False
24 unprofessional habits that could cost you a job True
Australia has ordered the sale of 15 properties illegally acquired by overseas buyers False
A community arts center exhibit was vandalized with "Make America Great Again” False
Detach this Van Gogh action figure's ear and give it to your crush False
.@MirandaKerr, fiancee of @Snapchat CEO @evanspiegel, seems to have had it with @facebook False
The 2016 presidential election broke up this 22-year marriage True
#JollyLLB2 strikes the right chord in the mirth and emotion department
#moviereview #JollyLLB2Review @akshaykumar False
10 things you need to know before the opening bell True
Benedict Cumberbatch is a bit frazzled in this deleted "Doctor Strange" scene False
Cui Jian and Chui Wan: the changing sound of #Chinese #rock music False
IBMVoice: 3 signs it's time to evolve start-up thinking to support growth
 @IBM True
Watch @MadhuriDixit help @Varun_dvn and @aliaa08 perfect their #TammaTamma moves! 😍😄
#BadrinathKiDulhania False
.@aliaa08 and @Varun_dvn-starrer #BadrinathKiDulhania has come under the radar, courtesy the movie's title False
James Corden won't sing as host of the #GrammyAwards False
This week, 9-year-old Joe Maldonado joined the Boy Scouts, the first transgender youth to do so False
A look into Beyonce's glamorous life True
The world's oldest bank is stuck with vineyards that nobody wants to buy True
Interscope blankets L.A. bus stops with ads celebrating Steve Berman's 25th year at label False
Justin Bieber makes his Instagram return official with a flood of new photos False
If Adele's "Hello" was about calling Congress False
"Sean Spicer went full Melissa McCarthy today" True
The majority of illegal immigrants in the U.S. live in 20 metropolitan areas False
Denzel Washington on fake news and information overload True
British lawmaker attempts to build support for measure that would hamper Fox-Sky deal False
People are trolling Sean Spicer on Venmo with some hilarious requests True
Troubles continue to mount for the #Sahara group, forced to deposit Rs 25,000 crore with market regulator #Sebi False
Contact with aliens 'could end life on Earth', expert warns True
Lena Dunham reveals her weight-loss method: Trump’s presidency False
.@gen_jackkeane on Travel Ban: Judges Shouldn't Be Involved in National Security Decisions False
Eva Green will play Virginia Woolf in a film about the lesbian love affair which inspired Orlando False
San Francisco announces deal for tuition-free community college  via @NBCAsianAmerica False
Get caught up on all of today's market moves! #WDYM is streaming on @Twitter HERE False
Donald Trump said the country is waiting for ‘EASY D,’ and, well, yeah False
Baylor won’t get 25 percent of its Big 12 revenue until it proves to be Title IX compliant False
.@netanyahu on meeting with Chuck Norris: 'Israel is strong but it's indestructible now' False
Border officers in Texas find nearly 2 tons of weed camouflaged as limes False
New Grammy Museum to open in Newark, New Jersey False
Why waking up in the night is natural True
Kara Dansky: "We think that 'women &amp; girls' are a meaningful category worthy of civil rights protection." Read more: False
Is it April 27 yet?

@nfldraftscout’s post-Super Bowl big board False
.@SenTedCruz: You know who's making out like gangbusters? The insurers and the government. #CNNDebateNight False
What Pres. Trump's proposed rollback on Dodd-Frank regulations could mean for you True
Leading sex blogger reveals the dark side of writing about her experiences True
Oxford, OH, is the best college town in America. See the ranking: False
A MILO story: 1,000 words. False
Trump offers to 'destroy' career of Texas state senator who sheriff complained about False
'The will of the people will stand,' their post read.
@womensmarch True
THE NAME IS TRUMP: Pelosi says she can't work with 'President Bush' False
Sainsbury's is selling same-sex Valentine's Day cards for the first time ever False
Two women get suspended sentences for blackmailing rugby star False
New normal. #endFGM True
A young boy, a devastating brain tumor and parents who "will do anything" True
Only a third of voters think Labour will win an election by 2025, poll suggests - Politics live False
Bob Marley's lost seventies live recordings rediscovered, restored  via @YahooMusic False
#ICYMI: Worst Catholic groups for child sex claims in Australia revealed False
Drain Le Swamp? France's Le Pen gets boost as rival Fillon hit by scandal False
The world's best-yielding stock market is set to get even better True
Sean Spicer reacts to Melissa McCarthy's #SNL impression False
Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency says army will only play a 'support' role in drug war False
Railways could use eye scans to charge passengers, say industry plans False
Furious batsman accidentally kills a 14-year-old cricketer after throwing a stump in anger False
The perfect meal prep foods for weight loss revealed True
The not so average daily commute True
Sex doesn’t sell any more, activism does. And don’t the big brands know it | Alex Holder False
Lady Gaga's Versace #SuperBowl 2017 style scored big with fashion experts False
19 Disney screenshots that’ll make you say, "WTF am I looking at?" True
How to do a fitness audit, and why it's a good idea False
This politically charged #SB51 ad from Budweiser has been one of the most discussed of the night False
Despite softer-than-expected demand for iPhones, customers are willing to pay more for extras False
One bettor puts $1,100,000 on the Falcons to win the Super Bowl False
'American Idol' season 10 winner @ScottyMcCreery cheers on the Patriots at Super Bowl rally False
PM 'unlikely to change terms' of parliament vote on final Brexit deal False
Lady Gaga #SuperBowl halftime show to feature hundreds of drones in aerial light show False
"I misspoke one word": Kellyanne Conway calls her critics "haters" after Bowling Green fiasco False
How protesters plan to get under Trump’s skin wherever he goes True
Car crashes into Cheesecake Factory where an explosive was detonated 2 days earlier False
Britain plans to shower the smallest EU states with attention before Brexit False
Australia fall to series defeat after 24-run loss to New Zealand in third ODI  via @guardian_sport False
Guess who? These throwback photos of politicians will make you do a double-take True
4 ways to keep your passwords safe True
Steve Bannon's take on threat of "Muslim world" in 2014. False
'No one is above the law': After judge halts immigration order, Trump says it's 'ridiculous' False
These are the movie trailers to expect at Super Bowl 51 True
Joost van der Westhuizen: Ex-South Africa captain in 'critical condition' False
Your gate is open: Judge halts Trump immigration order False
ICYMI: Michael Vick says his playing days are over. False
This is what it’s like to have ADHD in your twenties True
Nordstrom drops Ivanka Trump's clothing collection, citing the "brand's performance" False
The Keystone XL Pipeline is a risky bet on higher oil prices False
EU leaders vow to remain united in response to Donald Trump's criticism of the bloc False
This is why warp speed will never happen  via @NBCNewsMACH True
Husband hunts down and shoots dead a driver who crashed into and killed his wife in Italy False
Here's how Tom Brady — one of the NFL's richest stars — makes and spends his millions False
Recapping Donald Trump's first two weeks as president  via @NBCFirstRead False
Paco Tapas, Bristol: ‘Spanish food from perfectionists’ – restaurant review | Marina O’Loughlin False
Why the EU’s fuss over Trump’s ambassador pick? He’s perfectly cast | Simon Jenkins True
U.K.’s Brexit plan? Prepare for failure, hope for success False
Dopamine dressing – can you dress yourself happy? True
Donald Trump tells Israel that new settlements will hurt the peace process False
What went wrong? Inside Sunday's raid in Yemen by Navy SEALS True
The U.S. military said that civilians were likely killed during a Navy SEAL raid in Yemen on Sunday False
John King, Obama’s education secretary, to head advocacy group for disadvantaged students False
15 ways Muslims can take care of themselves right now True
Lady Gaga drove a Lamborgini to the Super Bowl | False
The Trump administration amended its visa ban to allow Iraqi interpreters to enter the U.S. False
Republicans are adding to Obamacare confusion with new "repair" pitch True
Almost half of U.S. students don't finish college in 4 years. Big data may help universities wanting to change that. False
US Treasury Dept. will allow for some transactions with Russian intelligence agency False
Eating a Mediterranean diet could help kids with ADHD False
Here’s what the "dumb deal" on refugees with Australia actually says True
Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly wants Trump's border wall built in two years False
Netanyahu announces new West Bank settlement: False
The 6 yr old boy, injured when a six off #SureshRaina's bat hit him, returned to watch the match False
A map of all the places trying to ban Donald Trump False
Hilarious reactions to Beyonce's pregnancy announcement True
A Pennsylvania infant's heartbreaking death has been ruled a homicide. False
Larry Fitzgerald isn't done lacing them up: False
Trump reportedly suggests he may send troops to Mexico if it doesn't fight drug trafficking False
People are rushing to get prescriptions they need to live True
White House reportedly wants to rename anti-terrorism program to focus only on Islam False
Kentucky teacher gets prison time for sex with underage student True
President Trump wants the Senate to scrap the 60-vote threshold for high court picks, or 'go nuclear' False
.@BrunoMars declares American music is "black music" False
The best countries to visit with cheap currencies: True
Kawhi Leonard lets his game do the talking with this up and under layup vs. Thunder 

🎥 False
Read all the news you missed, right here True
Two men shoot giant fireworks at each other. For fun. True
Daft Punk first performance since 2014 has been announced False
Boston Marathon Bombing Survivor to Marry Firefighter Who Saved Her Life False
Israeli forces move in to boot Jewish settlers from illegal outpost False
British man who died fighting alongside Kurdish forces in Syria killed himself to avoid being taken hostage by Isil False
Making sense of President Trump's first Supreme Court nomination False
The traditional cures threatening Myanmar's wildlife – in pictures True
Wal-Mart opts for free, faster shipping on necessities False
13 comics that get you if you’re just having a rough time False
.@POTUS @realDonaldTrump's Supreme Court pick, Judge Neil Gorsuch: The youngest nominee in a quarter of a century False
This oughta get the tolerance crowd riled up. True
Bob Dylan to release new three-disc album, "Triplicate" False
Drug-related killings in the Philippines' drug crackdown may be crimes against humanity False
For decades, no one knew why some children in India died suddenly each summer. The surprising culprit: lychee fruit. False
Happy birthday, @jtimberlake!!! Here are his top 25 songs: False
Charles Oakley still hates Charles Barkley, as this savage tweet shows 👀😳 True
100-mile-long crack in Antarctic ice shelf keeps growing False
GOP leaders are holding a press conference on Capitol Hill. Watch live on @CNNgo: False
US government calls for urgent @UN consultation after #Iran allegedly test launches ballistic missile False
Jennifer Lopez speaks out against Trump's immigration ban: "We are all immigrants" False
NYC Mayor de Blasio blasted over drunk-driving comment False
Hoops, wheels and moose heads: playtime in the world's most inhospitable places True
Australian #crocodile #meat poised to take bite of US market  @ABCRural False
Evening Briefing: Here's what you need to know at the end of the day True
Living in the shadow of Angkor Wat False
All the best signs from the weekend of Muslim ban protests False
D.C.’s first inch of snow Sunday night was polite, well-predicted, and pretty False
Jared Kushner’s felon father brought two fellow inmates into company False
How Starbucks delivered one of the fiercest rebukes against Trump's immigration order False
Listen to @SpencerLudwig bring the groove on "Legend" and "Fuel To The Fire" (exclusive) False
A pensioner from Australia posted a tear-jerking advert on Gumtree seeking someone to go fishing with him False
Viola Davis carrying around slippers in her purse at the SAG Awards is relatable AF False
Here comes Dallas Fed manufacturing ... False
The world's 20 best beaches True
.@BJtheChicagoKid, @TheBrandyClark &amp; more attend Los Angeles Grammy Nominees Brunch False
Republican strategist @ananavarro on Trump's executive order: Republicans need to "speak up" for "American values" False
&gt;Assuming you have any sort of moral authority after selling out slain Americans True
Thanks to Trump ties, #DeleteUber campaign grows on social media False
Greece three weeks away from 'explosive' debt problems, say IMF False
Who is Ann Donnelly, the federal judge who blocked part of President Trump’s executive order on immigration? True
What the Navient lawsuit means for your student loans: True
Emirates airline had to change pilots, crew, and passenger roster after Trump's order False
NASA study reveals how much radiation REALLY hits you when you travel by plane True
"...in the tradition of the late and great Justice Antonin Scalia." True
US immigration order: Families split as Trump ban enforced False
The $4,500 injection to stop heroin overdoses True
The Questions That Could Reshape a Worried Europe in 2017 False
Here's how to make the perfect Old Fashioned cocktail True
“Who is the person we need to talk to?”

“Call Mr. Trump." False
Watch: Britain's Queen Elizabeth II attends first official engagement of 2017 False
Nuclear war is no longer the stuff of dystopian novellas – it's a very real and immediate threat True
China population crisis: new two-child policy fails to yield major gains False
Up late waiting for Venus and Serena to face off in Melbourne?

Here's some good reading material to pass the time: True
Chugging #water in between meals can even cause #insulin levels to fluctuate significantly False
Donald Trump suspends refugee program, indefinitely bars Syrians False
Stunning images show how Samurai proved their honour by killing themselves 150 years ago False
Why 2017 is a pivotal year for K-pop True
Girls feel less "smart" than boys by age 6, researchers say False
Liberal ladies are more likely to find love. True
Trump, Mexico President Peña Nieto discuss trade, relationship in telephone call False
Can you tell the difference between a real and knockoff Supreme tee? False
PICTURES: Chile landscape is savaged by worst fires in country's history False
Apple is taking on chipmaker Qualcomm in US and Chinese courts False
Theresa May warns Donald Trump about ‘Iran’s malign influence’ during speech to Republicans in Philadelphia False
What's in a name? For people named Alexa, a new digital connection   via @fxnscitech False
His #cheque was #dishonoured on grounds that the information on it was written in #Kannada False
31 of the most useful things to subscribe to on Amazon True
Bond set at $500,000 for man suspected in Cleveland police officer's hit-and-run death. False
China's FX regulator announces new measures aimed at luring money back to the country False
Donald Trump to GOP gathering: Where’s my CIA director? False
How robots could revolutionize your grocery store  via @YahooFinance True
SNEAK PEEK: @POTUS sits down w/ @seanhannity at White House. Don’t miss the full interview tonight, 10p ET. #Hannity False
Mark Morgan is out as border patrol chief under Trump administration False
NYPD will help protect Shia LaBeouf's livestream from hate speech False
.@JulieBishopMP calls on #DonaldTrump to increase role in #Asia region, raises concerns over #SouthChinaSea  #auspol False
Georgia police chief to apologize for 1940 lynching False
Your Food Choices Will Determine Which Pop Diva You Are True
François Fillon rejects accusations he paid British wife hundreds of thousands of euros for fake parliamentary job False
This café serves up raw cookie dough by the spoonful True
Jay Z shuns Donald Trump question, recalls meeting with Kalief Browder at #Sundance False
Ikea debuted a bizarre new collection inspired by 'today’s nomadic youth' — take a look False
A Major was killed &amp; 4 #soldiers #injured after an #avalanche hit an #Army camp in #JammuandKashmir False
These #vegetables can reduce the #risk of developing #metastasis originating from #breastcancer in women True
#Sweden ended #Bofors probe to save #RajivGandhi from embarrassment, reveal declassified #CIA documents False
Venus Williams Reaches Australian Open Final, Defeating CoCo Vandeweghe False
Goldman Sachs powers Dow to 20000 milestone False
Even one high-fat meal can harm your liver and disrupt its function, new study finds: False
Putin Sings Soviet Song About Space Exploration False
Men are quietly losing weight-loss battles as the focus remains on women False
Patriarchy is the sea in which Trump and his sharks gather False
President Trump to sign executive order to build 'large physical barrier' on Mexico border, White House says False
Even Ted Cruz knows he looks like Grayson Allen False
Microsoft filed a patent for a phone that folds into a tablet: False
If the Women’s March was the "beginning of a resistance", then what’s next? False
Donald Trump's oil policies are bad for the planet, French minister says False
A woman flew through a tornado in a bathtub and survived True
Selena Gomez's fashion evolution False
#FTSE 100 jumps above 7,200 as the markets reignite Donald Trump-infrastructure rally False
Republicans unfazed by controversies surrounding Pres. Trump's controversial cabinet picks. True
This food recycler will turn your food scraps into fertilizer True
The first night of #NewEditionBET had people dancing in their living rooms. False
Ninth death in Victoria after freak weather event in late 2016 False
A Supreme Court pick is promised. A political brawl is certain. False
How this freelancer made $20,000 more in 2016 than she did in 2015: True
How to convince someone to give you a job, according to a psychologist True
Microsoft has hired LinkedIn's most senior engineering exec as its new CTO False
Tom Brady. Matt Ryan.

#SB51 will feature a once-in-a-generation quarterback matchup False
The 10 hottest neighborhoods for 2017 True
Steve Kerr was not happy that some NBA players didn't take All-Star voting seriously: False
Trump files paperwork turning over company offices to sons False
The 50 best young footballers in Italy  via @guardian_sport True
The first pictures from NOAA's newest weather satellite are incredible True
This graphic shows how vulnerable every type of job is to automation  via @YahooFinance True
Darius Rucker, Maddie &amp; Tae, Cole Swindell &amp; more gather for Country Cares fundraiser at St. Jude hospital False
President Trump has promised to build a wall on the border. For Texans, it's complicated False
What recall? Samsung reports best operating profit in more than three years on component sales False
The releasing of presidential tax returns started with Nixon. Will it end with Trump? False
🤔🤔🤔 The White House website is suddenly not available in Spanish False
Tom Brady's massive AFC championship coat kept us all warm yesterday False
Johnny Manziel deleted his Twitter account after offering Trump advice on using social media False
New 'Star Wars' title revealed at last True
Trump’s Press Secretary's 'embarrassing' Daft Punk tweets resurface True
Tesla just began rolling out its new Autopilot — here's what you need to know True
People are convinced that Troy Aikman looks like Jay Z False
White House says Trump has resigned from his businesses False
Press secretary Sean Spicer had some real problems with 'Daft Funk' back in 2014 False
Calls for Swiss army to accept overweight people False
#MalaikaAroraKhan's secret to a #healthyliving is to never skip a #meal! False
27 stunning photos of the worlds most beautiful places True
#ICYMI: With top two men's seeds out, who'll win the Australian Open? False
Theresa May avoids questions over possible knowledge of Trident missile error before vote False
Mall shooting in San Antonio leaves one dead, many injured False
Azealia Banks criticizes the Women's March; warns women about mainstream feminism. False
Royals pitcher Yordano Ventura dies in car accident in Dominican Republic False
President Trump vows to start renegotiating NAFTA False
Here's a twist: M. Night Shyamalan is king of the box office again False
Transgender does everything she can to save the lives of women and her children False
Theresa May says she won’t back down from challenging Donald Trump False
LATEST: 11 dead, 14 injured following tornadoes in southern Georgia, officials say False
Revolutionary prosthesis offers super-strong material for breast implants False
President Trump talks of achieving a greater world peace. Do his plans make it possible? True
A brief history of the ownership of the Beatles catalog False
Austin, Texas, area becomes more of a sanctuary as Donald Trump is inaugurated False
Aziz Ansari and Jimmy Fallon dramatically read bad Yelp reviews and it's hilarious True
.@realDonaldTrump must now work with those he rose to power railing against, @steph_march writes False
Meet Donald Trump's potential picks for Supreme Court Justice nominee False
The #WomensMarch crowd in D.C. is so big that it can't actually march anywhere False
Rewinding the charts: In 1989, Bobby Brown took New Jack Swing to No. 1 False
Second-hand tyres up to 23 years old putting lives at risk on Britain's roads, trading standards warn False
Donald Trump protests: Washington leads global rallies False
How successful people spend their weekends: True
How Thatcher and May’s EU speeches measure up – in data False
BBC News had the wrong subtitles for Donald Trump’s inauguration and it’s amazing False
Forget wine. China's booze market is all about "liquid cake" True
Check out the best pictures of the week: False
"The happiness from doing it sober has been astronomical. Beyond my wildest imagination ... it just clicked." False
Trump White House appears to send veiled threat to Black Lives Matter protesters: False
Samsung will blame 'irregular sized' batteries, manufacturing problems for exploding Note 7 False
Naughty cub Fushun creates havoc again at a panda party False
Ravens LB Zach Orr (neck) will reportedly retire from the NFL

He’s 24 years old False
Corey Lewandowski tells @MajorCBS that Trump won't hold inaugural boycott against Dems False
Ticks carrying Lyme disease confirmed in 9 national parks False
.@Infosys has "released" 8,000-9,000 employees in the past one year because of automation of lower-end jobs False
Trump inauguration spotlights new ways to protect crowds from attack drones False
Government announces independent review of #NDIS False
Ellen says goodbye to Obama on his last day as president and now we're sobbing False
Brazil Supreme Court judge in charge of landmark Operation Car Wash corruption investigation dies in plane crash False
Retired Catholic priests call for abolishment of celibacy False
Tesla’s Autopilot vindicated as probe finds it cut crashes 40% False
Here's the BS reason Kanye West wasn't invited to Trump's #Inauguration: True
Janelle Monae &amp; more performers announced for #WomensMarch False
A genuinely believable CGI actor? It won’t be long True
Former President Bush moved to intensive care as wife Barbara also hospitalized False
2 killed in clashes over demolition of Arab Bedouin village in Israel. False
These "bouncy bands" are helping kids focus in the classroom False
John Cummings obituary False
Off the rails True
MashReads Podcast: 'The Shining' perfectly understands your winter cabin fever True
Is Amazon on its way to a $1 trillion market cap? False
Former "Apprentice" contestant sues Trump for defamation False
There's a surprise leader in Canada's race for smart global jobs False
The man hurting was Slovakian #MartinKlizan who got hit where it hurts most False
Watch Selena Gomez sing &amp; dance in new studio clips False
'We haven't a moment to lose,' urges #Shakira after getting #Humanitarian award at #WorldEconomicForum False
President Obama’s stark options on ISIS: arm Syrian Kurds or let Donald Trump decide False
The secret is out about what Drew Barrymore's new zombie comedy entails: False
Got jobs to tweet about?  via @Bfly False
NH home of woman missing 35 years is eyed in new search   #FOXNewsUS False
2018 Ford Mustang gets new styling, more power and tech   via @FoxCarReport False
In a city bracing for convulsive change, Reince Priebus has emerged as an unlikely symbol of stability False
🚨 COLLAB ALERT 🚨 

Chance the Rapper and Anderson .Paak preview a new track: False
Trump, Boeing CEO discuss Air Force One requirements False
Memo to hecklers: 

LeBron has not one, not two, but THREE rings

🎥  False
Robert De Niro on Trump inauguration: "Everybody has to be on guard"  via @TODAYshow False
Property supply hasn’t kept pace with real-estate funds, leaving “dry powder” on the books False
Ivanka from Brighton sends climate change reply to Trump False
A woman in Pakistan has been sentenced to death for burning her daughter alive False
Topless feminist protester attacks Donald Trump waxwork False
The Academy is ditching its traditional early-morning Oscar nominations press conference False
Trump has bared his fangs to Merkel. He will do untold damage to Europe | Josef Joffe False
A desi version of #FiftyShadesOfGrey! 😱
@TheVikramBhatt True
Families express dismay as MH370 search ends after three years with mystery unsolved False
Young Thug's video for "Wyclef Jean" isn't what you'd expect. True
Miserable cat with 5 pounds of matted fur undergoes incredible transformation True
Venezuela's new high value banknotes enter circulation False
Donald Trump-John Lewis row: Democrat inauguration boycott grows False
Meet the Donald Trumps of Europe False
5 killed by gunman in BPM music festival at Mexico resort False
As Michael Lynton exits, will Sony double down on Hollywood or sell? False
The latest NBA Power Rankings from @ESPNSteinLine are in.

1. @warriors
2. @cavs
3. @HoustonRockets
4-30: False
New Trump inauguration announcer: I didn't buy my way into the position False
Ban unpaid internships that penalise working-class young, say MPs False
The 49ers are reportedly "honing in" on Falcons OC Kyle Shanahan as their next head coach False
Oman accepts 10 Guantanamo detainees at the request of U.S. False
These eight men are reportedly as rich as half of the world True
The lowest prices in a decade have really helped liquefied natural gas False
IRS to delay tax refunds for millions of low-income families False
Samsung Electronics probe finds faulty batteries caused Galaxy Note 7s to burst into flames False
Do YOU recognise these 12 signs of breast cancer? False
At least 30 inmates killed with three 'beheaded' in Brazil prison riot False
Russia dismisses U.S. claims of risky flight maneuvers over Syria False
‘We lost everything’ True
Indonesia’s mining policy shift is reverberating around the world. These 4 charts show why False
Rep. John Lewis' popularity soars amid Trump boycott False
Jimmy "Superfly" Snuka, pro-wrestling Hall of Famer, dies at age 73 False
My baby is only two months old and I already feel like the sexism surrounding parenting is overwhelming False
Why Green Lantern can still recover and become the multi-movie franchise we deserve True
#Pakistan has been a safe haven for #terrorists for a long time False
Hill Republicans try to ease purchase of gun 'silencers,' as NRA-backed Trump arrives False
"I’d never heard of this condition until the terrible joint pain set in." True
Alec Baldwin's Trump impression may show up in non-SNL venues False
20 times women in suits completely owned the red carpet True
ISIS fighters shoot each other in the chaos following UK missile and drone raids in Mosul False
NAACP president calls on Donald Trump to apologize to John Lewis False
Lucasfilm has no plans to digitize Carrie Fisher in future "Star Wars" movies False
You won't believe why this woman is suing Chipotle for over $2 billion: True
There are scarier things at the beach than shark attacks, writes Brendan McAloon (pic: AAP) True
New $100 coin features black Lady Liberty. False
Teens are making homemade slime and selling it to their classmates False
The Guardian view on internet privacy: technology can’t fix it | Editorial False
" @iamsrk Shah is a very possessive person. He is a possessive friend."- @karanjohar False
Carrie Fisher will not be digitally recreated in upcoming Star Wars, Lucasfilms says. False
Can You Name These Middle Eastern Foods? True
PM @narendramodi is not easy to impress! True
Kellyanne Conway defends Trump's Twitter use as a 'free' way to share information False
Secretive Facebook division may be developing a mind-reading device True
The investigation into the FBI's handling of the Hillary Clinton email probe explained: True
Method actor, philanderer, oddball: who was the real Marlon Brando? asks Alan Yentob #Premium False
Shades of Captain Insano 😳

MMA fight ends with powerbomb 

🎥: False
Breaking News: The House joined the Senate in taking a major step toward repealing Obamacare False
US stolen baby found alive 18 years later True
A parting shot at bitter clingers. True
Trudeau throws some Grade-A shade at Trump False
It seems ECB policy makers had a lively debate about stimulus last month False
#GattaGusti, the #Kerala version of the traditional style of wrestling, has comeback with a vengeance False
ICYMI: Health Minister @sussanley resigns over travel expense scandal  #auspol False
Researchers generated 26 different predictive #biomarker signatures
@healthmeup False
Nintendo’s Switch game console to debut on March 3 at $299.99 False
The apostrophe, 'S' seems like a typo True
Sunny Obama rides out last week in White House with a bang, bites visitor on face False
So Chris Rock, Amy Schumer and Dave Chappelle walk into a club True
Ousted head of the U.S. Copyright Office to run publishing trade group False
This time, #ISIS has drowned a man in shampoo because he called the terrorist group dirty on a radio show False
Senator Tim Kaine challenged Rex Tillerson on his climate change views False
Since the #SC made it mandatory to play &amp; stand for the #nationalanthem before movies, only harassment has followed False
Alexander Hamilton's letters to be auctioned in NYC False
#ICYMI: How #Centrelink debt letters are harming Australians' mental health (Pic: AAP) False
Freezing migrants wait for aid in Belgrade in pictures chillingly similar to those from WWII False
.@realDonaldTrump to reporter: 'It's not a fence, it's a wall; we're gonna start building' False
The 3 worst currencies of 2017 show that politics, not economics, are driving markets False
Central Park, once terribly polluted, is now pristine. And it's about to get even cleaner. False
Fox, Glenn Beck, others cleared in "clock kid" Ahmed Mohamed’s defamation suit False
“Bruh” — Iggy, probably False
This Chilean inventor created a wheelchair controlled by thoughts and facial gestures False
This group are giving away 4200 joints at Trump's inauguration and smoking them True
Mass murderer Anders Breivik gives Nazi salute in court via @SkyNews False
Republicans, facing pressure, delay hearings for 4 Trump cabinet nominees False
Neil Patrick Harris challenges James Corden to a Broadway riff off and it's amazing False
Sen. Franken accuses Sen. Sessions of misrepresenting his record on civil rights. False
Analysis: "Trump would join motley crew of nepotists with appointment of son-in-law" False
Fox News quietly settled sexual-harassment claims against Bill O’Reilly False
Trump’s win has kicked the business lobby into high gear. False
This Quiz Will Reveal What Percent Messy And Tidy You Are True
New normal. True
Ed Sheeran reveals "Love Yourself" was originally written for his new album "Divide" False
NYPD captain apologizes for comments downplaying rape by acquaintances  via @NBCNewYork False
State should provide sex workers for people with disabilities, says German MP False
Re-watch the final play that helped Clemson win the national title #ALLIN

🎥 False
UK vinyl sales in 2016 hit their highest level since 1991 False
How will a 48-team World Cup work? Fifa’s plan for 2026 explained  via @guardian_sport False
What to expect from President Obama's farewell address: True
Slain Orlando police officer was mom who 'deeply cared' for her community, colleagues say. False
#Jallikattu is a prominent bull-taming sport held in #TamilNadu False
Body found on M1 in Northamptonshire, closing northbound motorway False
How to navigate new airline carry-on rules True
Asked to say something nice about Trump, @BernieSanders says he "did something extraordinary." #SandersTownHall True
22 hilarious memes about Netflix’s “The OA” True
Is it time for #Centrelink to adopt a lighter touch when data matching? False
New research shows zombies would end the human race in 100 days True
Celebrities react to Meryl Streep's anti-Trump Golden Globe's speech. False
"60 Minutes" captures the stunning first test of a 100-strong swarm of Perdix drones False
U.S. Navy destroyer fired "burst" of warning shots at 4 Iranian small craft that were approaching at high speed. False
Time will tell. True
Northern Ireland's power-sharing agreement is on the brink of collapse as Martin McGuinness quits False
"We are just getting started,” said @tim_cook, @Apple’s CEO False
The NFL's divisional round is set.

Who ya got? Vote: False
Judge who swore at abusive defendant cleared of misconduct False
F.B.I. Arrests Volkswagen Executive on Conspiracy Charges in Emissions Scandal False
“When the powerful use their position to bully others, we all lose." False
'Drugs fix room is like my second home' True
Student loan debt isn't just for millennials: older Americans owed $66.7B in 2015 False
Are you a keen Facebook 'stalker'? Here's how to see every photo your friends have ever liked on Facebook True
Airports across the country boost security after Fort Lauderdale shooting False
#NorthKorea says it can test launch intercontinental ballistic missile 'anytime and anywhere' False
Another. True
Democratic aides see scope for compromise with GOP on modest changes to financial laws False
Nat Hentoff, columnist and jazz critic, dies at 91 False
25,000 items at Fort Lauderdale airport still need claiming after Friday’s shooting rampage False
This real walking robot looks like it just stepped out of Transformers False
A boy who cannot speak and his deaf dog communicate through sign language False
The 10 hottest housing markets for 2017 True
Former British Ambassador to the EU ‘held secret Brexit talks with David Cameron’ False
#Jerusalem #truck attack leaves 15 injured False
Here are 25 things you still don't know about Barack Obama: True
Switzerland's voters are being given a say in the future of their corporate tax paradise False
.@iamsrk has a simple solution to stop what happened in #Bengaluru recently True
This couple with Down syndrome threw the most magical wedding True
#Europe's harsh winter blamed for more than a dozen deaths in three countries False
A man named Jesus Hands (yes, really) has stepped forward to take credit for "Hollyweed." False
MAP: All of the Sears, Macy's, and Kmarts that are closing  via @YahooFinance False
SHOCK: True
Samantha Bee: "These next four years are going to require a broad coalition of straight-up decency" False
#Huckabee to angry #Democrats: 'Get over it, snowflakes, your snow has melted' False
After weeks of tweeting, Trump and team face open questioning this coming week False
Grieving sisters en route to dying father blame 'rude' flight attendant for their removal False
Obama says Russian President Vladimir Putin should not be trusted False
Report: Aging New York nuclear plant to close by 2021 False
Denzel Washington on the 20-year journey #Fences took to the big screen False
How the Oakland Raiders suddenly became the reason you should watch the NFL playoffs False
Rand Paul: "We don’t need to choose between either repealing Obamacare or putting forward a budget that balances." False
An iceberg the size of Scotland is about to break off of Antarctica, and yeah, this is as insane as it sounds: False
Matt Bonner announces retirement after 12 years in the NBA with hilarious video 😂 False
Joe Biden tells Donald Trump to "grow up" in new video False
Would the end of tipping be the end of good service? True
WATCH LIVE: Get the latest news about the Fort Lauderdale airport shooting here False
MA Sheriff Offers County's Inmates to Help Build Trump's Mexico Border Wall False
Police are taking statements about George Michael’s death False
ICYMI: The uniforms for the 2017 NBA All-Star Game are here. 

What do you think? False
Iranian soldier loses his leg in minefield saving dog’s life False
Joe Biden attacks Trump for 'mindless' dismissal of agencies' intelligence False
"I am really scared of boys, snakes, and when I hear voices of drunk men." In Nepal, menstruating women are banished False
Blood test to predict likelihood of disease years in the future False
Nicki Minaj confirms relationship status and new music for 2017 False
Lonely Planet names new attractions worth visiting this year False
#NorthKorea's #nuclear capability 'improving', US says  (Pic: Reuters) False
Neighbor pleads guilty to killing popular North Carolina guidance counselor False
Samsung expects its Q4 profit to increase 50 percent despite the Note 7 fiasco False
A llama on the lam in Georgia prompted a hilarious response from the local sheriff's office: False
Donald Trump just threatened Toyota — but it looks like he got the facts wrong False
Fifth Harmony just posted their first group photo as a foursome False
South Bend, Indiana mayor Pete Buttigieg announces run for DNC chair: False
Ryan Reynolds thinks new Wolverine film Logan is going to change film in one big way True
Here's 20 sweet seconds of Ed Sheeran's brand new music False
The fight against Zika is nearing a ‘dead end.’ False
Key Trump surrogates once led fight against WikiLeaks and its founder Julian Assange False
Fentanyl deaths spike across the United States - with no sign of slowing down. False
Married Nigerian father 'killed by his erection' after overdosing on sex drug True
Donald Trump is planning to restructure and pare back the top U.S. spy agency False
1MDB scandal: #Singapore files 16 charges against Falcon branch manager amid bank probe False
Why Philadelphians are reeling over the city's new sugary drink tax: True
.@ATrak murders the beat on new 74-minute mix "Cut It Out!" False
She's the queen of the bottle flip challenge! True
Sorry, New Jersey. You're the most moved-from state in the US, according to an annual survey False
The iPhone 8 will reportedly include some long-awaited upgrades: False
Ohio State QB J.T. Barrett announces he will return for his senior season False
This Mannequin Challenge expertly shows the need for a Parkinson's cure False
People are totally obsessed with this dad sending his family weird photos of his huge cube True
#Banks are now reporting a 10-fold increase in ‘suspect transactions’ False
Is this mysterious rumbling coming from Metro? Listen for yourself True
LinkedIn can be a powerful job search tool—if used correctly: False
Paul Ryan reelected as House speaker  via @YahooNews False
.@Wale debuts "Running Back" with @LilTunechi &amp; releases "Smile" feat. @philademusic False
Mom spends holidays with teen who received son's donated heart   via @foxnewshealth False
Megyn Kelly to leave Fox News later this year and join NBC News False
These #30Under30 art &amp; style honorees are creating and designing a beautiful future: False
Bruce Springsteen says Trump is actually appealing to "un-American" tendencies False
You did it. You found a way to be worse than Kathy Griffin at something. True
House Republicans privately vote on a national holiday to gut independent ethics office. False
Pacman Jones has been arrested on charges of assault, harassment with a bodily substance False
'Morale is really high': Lib Dems scent revival in south-west False
The ugly truth about weight loss True
Where is America's heartland? Pick your map. True
Bengals' Adam Jones arrested following alleged outburst outside Cincinnati hotel. False
Dog named Scarface attacks owner who was dressing him in a sweater, police say False
Why you should never ask for a slice of lemon in your drink True
It's not just women who binge-drink True
The immigrant husband and wife who founded Forever 21 are now worth $3 billion:  #Forbes400 False
#Brazil's notoriously overcrowded prisons experience massacres "almost daily", security experts say  #prison False
America's craft beer capitals:

1. Portland, ME
2. Boulder, CO
3. Asheville, NC False
Stay cool. True
Prison riot in Brazil leaves over 60 dead, authorities say False
MUST-SEE VIDEO: Car Slides Off Edge of Moving Ferry into Open Waters True
The "Grizzly Steppe" report identifies the wrong cyber bear  via @BV True
1. Browns
2. 49ers

The rest of the 2017 NFL draft order through the top 20 picks: False
The political tumult that rocked the world in 2016 might be an appetizer for 2017 True
A 24-year-old's 'death from overwork' causes Japan to rethink work-life balance False
‘Coolest place on planet’ accolade stirs interest in Ireland’s wild north False
Pictured: Victims gunned down as they celebrated New Year at exclusive Istanbul nightclub False
How going vegetarian would help save the world True
The NFL playoff bracket is now set False
Phones, guns and sodas: What you need to know about new laws taking effect today False
Some hills have pot holes. For a few hours, the Hollywood Hills had this

 #Hollyweed False
China, the country that trades 70 per cent of the world's ivory, is completely banning it False
Mariah Carey's rep addresses technical problems at the singer's New Year's show False
How an old-school chess shop survives in modern New York True
Bahrain jailbreak raises sectarian tensions False
Everything you need to know about TV and Movies in 2017 True
What are America's newest bald eagle's chances of survival? True
Theresa May must start her New Year by making some tough choices
#TelegraphView False
Usain Bolt, Cam Newton and something about 3-1 leads.

Re-live 2016 the Crying Jordan way: False
😭😭😢😢😵😵 False
Sorest of losers. True
UPDATE: Several wounded in attack on #Istanbul nightclub, Turkish media reports False
Their dream: build a website that people would visit every day that wasn't pornography False
Dozens of couples went to a top fertility clinic. It may have used the wrong sperm. True
Ronda Rousey's mother speaks out in defense of her daughter following UFC 207 loss. False
100 of the best tweets by teens in 2016 True
This NYPD officer was on a cell phone when a prisoner escaped, sources say False
How are you preparing for 2017? True
Meet Wall Street’s regulation whisperer, Paul Atkins False
Donald Trump "has no idea how much he is being manipulated into helping Iran and ISIS"   via @nytopinion True
Planning for retirement? Be sure to prioritize health as early as possible True
She asked him to pay Rs 20 lakh to save himself from #false accusations of molestation.

#Shame on such women! True
Baghdad bomb blasts kill at least 28 False
Ronda Rousey knocked out in 48 seconds at UFC 207  via @YahooSports False
3-year-old got a suit for Christmas so he can dress just like local meteorologist False
#Spain’s capital, #Madrid, is for the first time going to try the #OddEven scheme False
Debbie Reynolds, Carrie Fisher to have joint funeral False
A roundup of top #news stories from the day that was False
A look at the Russian compounds nestled in New York and Washington, DC suburbs: False
The great outdoors: readers share their best weather photos from 2016 via @GuardianWitness False
TCU’s John Diarse made his defender look silly on this TD catch

📽 False
Russian embassy mocks #Obama's sanctions with picture of 'lame' duck False
Alleged Russian hackers singled out by U.S. as being involved in election interference are on FBI’s most-wanted list False
What happened when Venezuela outlawed its own currency True
Children rushed to hospital after pile up on crowded escalator in Russia False
.@TheWeeknd: Topping the #Hot100 with "Starboy" is an "honor" (exclusive) False
Rescuers pull dog from frozen lake in Michigan False
The President's Thursday in Hawaii: Obama hits Russia, the gym and the beach False
Donald Trump and trade: What you need to know before he takes office  via @CNNMoney False
After Obama sanctions Russia, Trump says it’s time "to move on to bigger and better things" False
17% of U.S. primary household shoppers say they never shop on Amazon False
Expert: New US sanctions 'clearly meant to throw a wrench into' Trump's dealings with Moscow False
Scarlett Johansson is this year's top-grossing actor, bringing in $1.2 billion in 2016 False
The year we won't forget: Getty's most striking photos from 2016 False
The foods you should NEVER put in the freezer True
STORY: US expels 35 Russian diplomats, closes two compounds False
10 underrated cities where millennials can actually afford to buy homes True
The top 10 💸 grossing 💸 actors of the year True
8-year-old transgender boy kicked out of Cub Scouts because of his identity False
Debbie Reynolds’ life in pictures False
Don King says Donald Trump "shocked the world," can help negotiate peace False
China’s tech-industry titans can look back at 2016 with pride. They might have to go far to find growth in 2017. False
Breast cancer drug rejected for NHS use on cost-benefit grounds False
A single shot at the doctor's office may be the future of HIV prevention  via @NBCOUT False
German authorities detain man over possible links to #Berlin Christmas market truck attack False
The perfect way to cook rice so that it's perfectly fluffy and NEVER sticks to the pan True
Debenhams apologises to homeless man for Boxing Day drenching False
Barack Obama's Pearl Harbor speech seen as rebuke of Trump world view False
Nigeria's starving children who fled Boko Haram True
John Kerry rebuked Israel over its settlements, saying the U.S. couldn't allow "a 2-state solution to be destroyed" False
Dez Bryant tried to attend the Cowboys’ QB meeting after throwing a TD vs. Detroit 😂 False
'I felt lonely when I shared that photo': Social media v reality at Christmas True
Here's why people love these @LLBean boots that sell out every winter False
Star Wars actress Carrie Fisher dies, aged 60 False
That shellshocked look on investors' faces isn't going away  via @Bfly False
Jackie Evancho's music sales boom after announcing inauguration performance False
11 iconic George Michael recordings that you absolutely must listen to True
Dozens of cities and states will raise their minimum wages in 2017 False
Harrison Ford issues statement after the death of "Star Wars" co-star Carrie Fisher False
Trump Tower deemed safe after lobby evacuated over suspicious bag False
Has 2016 left you a bit frazzled? Here are ten wellness retreats to clear your head for 2017 False
A roundup of the best #entertainment stories from the day True
Redskins in great shape to make the playoffs, thanks to the Cowboys False
Bloody year in Chicago continues with 12 killings over Christmas weekend. False
Woman who trekked 26 miles in snowy Grand Canyon to save family tells ordeal False
Catch up on our best feature stories of 2016 True
Without fail. True
Churchgoers left stunned when they open their hymn books to find explicit Tupac lyrics True
Remarkable George Michael interview from 2009: '10-12 years into life as an out gay man and I'm a different person.' False
Hit me baby one more time...Sony targeted in new high-profile hack. Hackers falsely tweeted that @britneyspears died. False
Earth 'overdue an extinction style event' False
Bloody year in Chicago continues with 12 killings over Christmas weekend. False
Record rainfall closes Australia's Uluru national park False
Jihadi dad who turned his young daughter into a suicide bomber is dead False
Woman branded a 'brat' for throwing son out on Christmas day True
It said the six men had not yet been identified and their bodies had not been found True
#Traffickers get life in prison in #India for torture and chopping off labourers' hands False
Prince George steals the show as Royal Family leaves Christmas Day service True
A YouTube chef actually made the M&amp;M-covered spaghetti breakfast from #Elf True
🎅✌️🎁 True
Project Naming: Adding indigenous names to Canada's history False
"Rest with the glittering stars, George Michael": Tributes pour in after singer's death False
Goodwill toward men. True
#Shocking School van driver raped children in his car True
So much for lone wolfery! True
Christmas shoppers stunned by a German department store's very rude window display False
Will Smith trying to sing “The Twelve Days Of Christmas” is all of us attempting it False
Super Typhoon Nock-Ten sets record as it slams Philippines  #NinaPH #Nockten False
17 incredibly useful Google products and services you didn't know existed True
The acclaimed Red Army Choir just lost 64 members in a plane crash False
Gut bacteria might be the secret to treating autoimmune disease False
Afghan official says two civilians killed in bomb blast False
LATEST: Thousands urged to flee as powerful typhoon set to slam Philippines on Christmas Day False
Philippines typhoon: thousands flee as Christmas Day storm barrels down False
19 hilarious jokes about Christmas guaranteed to make you laugh False
Carrie Fisher: Friends and family wish recovery after heart attack False
“The Holiday” is better than “Love Actually” False
Six months after the Brexit vote, as Britain changes, she feels her German heritage more than before False
23 pictures that prove we’re living in the damn future True
Kyrie Irving blessed Victor Cruz with an unreleased Nike Kyrie 3 for Christmas. False
Hatchimals may be the runaway toy hit of 2016 but don't count out Barbie just yet True
For many, @ESPNFantasy Championship Week is here.

Don't make a last-minute decision without our Week 16 ranks: False
Are the police tracking you? Push to restrict license plate readers heads to Va. Supreme Court False
Some Rockettes opposed to performing at Pres.-elect Donald Trump’s inauguration in January. False
FYI, a lot of the Disney classics you love use the exact same animation frames False
Poor you, with your 8-figure net worth! True
It's not wrong to wish Muslims Merry Christmas. Jesus’ virgin birth is a holy miracle in Islam, too   via @nytopinion False
Incredible images show lost Amazonian tribe living like their ancestors did 20,000 years ago False
The 20 best Christmas movies on @netflix right now 🎄 True
Watch as forensic teams scour scene where Berlin truck attack suspect killed False
Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar are suffering. The world mustn’t look away | Rushanara Ali False
BREAKING: Berlin terror attack suspect shot dead in Milan: False
Should've put Stephanopoulos as Reasons 1-6 tbh True
JetBlue forced a man off a flight after an apparent incident involving Ivanka Trump and her husband False
Trump calls on US to 'greatly strengthen and expand' nuclear weapons capability False
Baby orangutans rescued from Thai taxi False
Refugees in Germany fear backlash after Berlin truck attack False
Samsung is set to unveil a new advanced generation of Quantum Dot TV technology at CES False
Seth Meyers takes a closer look at Trump's team of climate change deniers on @LateNightSeth. False
Some tips on how to handle weather delays like a pro during the Christmas getaway True
Germany has 7,000 terror suspects at large and is finding it ‘almost impossible’ to monitor them False
A man received a $75 check to restart his life after being wrongly imprisoned for 31 years False
17 extremely festive ways to get drunk True
Special Delivery: Elf mailman brings Christmas cheer to Pennsylvania families False
Are You Actually A Minimalist? True
The lucky locations that can expect a white Christmas this year True
Snapchat is growing a hardware team in China False
The Packers are officially back on the radar False
ICYMI: Boogie Cousins' night included 55 points, one ejection, one un-ejection and a huge Kings win. False
Blake Lively and Ryan Reynold's newborn daughter's name is totally adorable True
Climate change denier who says no one can explain global warming gets completely schooled by someone explaining it True
Yoplait sales are down, causing major trouble for General Mills False
School holidays row: supreme court grants council right to appeal False
Bana Alabed, Aleppo's tweeting girl, meets Turkey's President Erdogan False
Bill O'Reilly talked about the 'white establishment' and Twitter went into meltdown True
Mayor of NJ's largest city says state worker accused of pulling hijab off Muslim woman should face hate crime charge False
Russian fisherman reveals the terrifying creatures of the deep sea False
South Korean court to begin considering President Park Geun-hye’s impeachment False
Stop that video! True
State Dept. says new Russia sanctions have nothing to do with "time on clock" False
Most Republicans think Trump has changed the GOP for the better False
A serious moment for a serious tweet to promote a serious discussion of the Russia-Turkey situation: True
Elon Musk acted like an ecstatic child as SpaceX's rocket landed for 1st time False
Meet the Dallas Cowboys' newest "Intimidation Coach": WWE Hall of Famer Sting

🎥: False
Two-time Wimbledon tennis champion Petra Kvitova was attacked by a man with a knife in her apartment False
163 new species, including 'Klingon Newt', discovered   via @fxnscitech False
The 'Boys are back on top in our new @ESPNNFL Power Rankings.

1. Cowboys
2. Patriots
3. Seahawks
4. Raiders
Rest: False
Prime Minister Theresa May has expressed her shock over the terror attacks in Ankara and Berlin False
Want to run the 40 at the NFL combine? Here's your chance: False
BlackBerry boosts profit forecast as bet on software over handsets pays off False
2017 horoscopes for all your favorite dealmakers  via @Bfly True
Keanu Reeves goes off in John Wick 2's high-octane trailer False
Deliberate attack kills at least 12 at Christmas market in Berlin: False
Lidl gravy granules found to contain paint thinner chemical False
The man who fatally shot Russia's ambassador to Turkey is seen on video saying, “Don't forget Syria!” False
Kodak Black: "Lil Wayne ain't the best f--king rapper alive... I am" False
At least 12 people were killed and 45 others were injured in the #BerlinAttack! False
"I love Christmas markets, but what has happened tonight scares me." Berlin truck crash unnerves Europe’s center False
What the assassination of Russia's ambassador to Turkey means for those 2 countries, Syria, and the U.S. False
#RogueOne: A Star Wars Story brought in $155 Million in North America False
College students to bunk with elderly in new program False
"Faithless electors" buck party by voting against Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump False
Union leader says No 10 demonising working people in strikes row False
Prominent Southern Baptist faces backlash over anti-Trump stance False
BP is piling up assets with more than $3 billion of deals in 3 days False
How compassionate! True
I'm not crying
It's just been raining
On my face True
Two friends walked from Mexico to Canada and picked up every piece of rubbish they saw along the way False
Zsa Zsa Gabor knew femininity was a performance. She played it perfectly | Suzanne Moore True
Making a lateral move could be the best next step in your career. How to make it happen: True
Commuters face delays as a fresh band of fog blankets Britain False
7 foods to moisturize your skin from the inside out True
Poll: 55% of Americans bothered by Russian election hacking False
Red-footed booby found on English beach some 5,000 miles from nearest habitat is flown home False
44,000 volunteers lay wreaths at Arlington National Cemetery  via @NBCWashington False
Do electors have to vote according to popular vote results in their states? Not necessarily. False
HMMMMMMM. True
This hipster Nativity scene features Mary and Joseph taking selfies False
GM will test self-driving cars on Michigan's snowy roads False
Here's why people kiss under mistletoe True
Diane Abbott refuses to say if she will swear an oath of allegiance to the Queen when she joins Privy Council False
The fitness benefits of ballroom dancing True
Alaskans plunge into 32-degree water in annual polar plunge event False
The future of fast food has arrived and it's a one-of-a-kind experience True
Hamas accuses Israel of killing its Tunisian drone expert False
He’s going home for Christmas. But most people at his college have no idea what he’s facing there. True
Imagine carrying this much hate in a single human body. True
Before you click "buy" on Amazon, learn how to avoid fake reviews and phony products True
7 essential apps: 'Dots &amp; Co.,' Facetune 2, Triller and more True
LA's trademark gridlocked hellscape has inspired a new Elon Musk project False
Honor Craig Sager with custom uniforms and court on @NBA2K False
Outgoing US President @BarackObama gave his last press conference in the White House. False
Snow stylish: an ice-cool fashion shoot – in pictures True
Heavy fog is affecting Christmas getaways as major airports cancel flights False
Five female #Afghanistan guards working at the airport were killed by unknown gunmen. #Shocking False
There are two days left to stop Trump. Michael Moore has a message about how to spend them True
Dutch Green party targets tax avoidance to try to push back against populists False
Risky behavior declines with age, and gray matter may explain why True
VMwareVoice: How Amadeus leveraged the cloud and VMware to help the travel industry False
Scott Baio says Chili Peppers' drummer Chad Smith's wife assaulted him False
Week in pictures: 10-16 December 2016 False
Can D'Angelo Russell become the leader LA needs in the post-Kobe era?

Yes, if his dad has anything to do with it. False
Obama pauses press conference to help sick reporter False
North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory signs bill limiting Democratic successor's powers False
How the Electoral College voting will unfold on Monday False
Anthrax distances itself from Global Music Right's radio fight in open letter False
North Carolina governor signs the first of several bills to strip power from his successor False
POTUS says he told Putin to "cut it out" in Sept.; "did not see" further tampering with election process after that. False
The inexplicable online absence of Aaliyah's best music. False
Where does Warren stand? Liberal icon tangling with Dems, base True
Is Todd Gurley about to meet a fan in Temecula? 🤔 False
Netflix's 'Barry' offers portrait of President Obama's college days False
The 3 plays in sports everybody will be talking about today True
Autism could be caused by a lack of a protein in the brain, study finds False
La vita e bella True
Corpus Christi, Texas, issues water warning after chemical spill False
Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds' beautiful babies make their first red carpet appearance False
The sports world mourns the passing of the beloved Craig Sager False
This barrier-breaking pilot likes to think her “office” has the best view in the world True
"This Is Us" writers to take second stab at "HIMYM" spinoff False
Amazon has officially made its first drone delivery. False
Jeremy Lin is already a hero to many in the Asian-American community.

Now he's a @Marvel comic-book hero, too: False
People around the world show solidarity with #Aleppo False
Colorado school district decides to allow teachers to arm themselves on campus False
7 wonderfully weird ornaments for people who don't do tradition True
“Nothing prompted the assault other than our presence” True
US boy buried alive under tonnes of snow False
#TheVoice crowns season 11 winner True
You coppin’?

Ty Lawson’s sneaker-slippers line, SLKRS, releasing this holiday season False
13 faces every tech CEO who goes to a meeting with Donald Trump will immediately recognize True
There's been a breathtaking swing in Putin's popularity among Republicans in the Trump era False
An edited (but very long) list of things Kanye West said in 2016 True
Footage shows Aleppo under bombardment False
Whuh oh. True
Could a "microdose" of LSD make you more productive? True
Three men charged with indecent assault against a child in Rotherham False
Larry the cat claims a festive spot under the Downing Street Christmas tree False
Nigeria Super Falcons march on parliament to demand bonuses False
Oklahoma to require anti-abortion signs in public restrooms False
Investor Peter Thiel is playing key role in shaping tech industry’s ties to Donald Trump False
Pokemon Go: Exercise impact 'short-lived' False
No record of any fire inspections at the Oakland warehouse where 36 people died False
A look inside the year's 10 most inspiring restaurants True
Samantha Bee slams Ohio's 'heartbeat' abortion bill: 'It's as illegal as crack' False
Corker on Russia: Any time we have a country trying to discredit our democracy, it's an important issue to pursue False
Trapped Aleppo residents tell world: it's your last chance to save us, writes @Josiensor False
Hitler's doped-up soldiers, crocodile-infested waters and a creepy castle - which Nazi rumours are true?
#Premium True
New York man arrested bringing knives, fireworks into Trump Tower, police say False
Good luck finding Apple's new AirPods in time for Christmas False
London is the cocaine capital of Europe - but only during the week, new analysis suggests False
Ivanka Trump's boots are getting some interesting reviews on Amazon False
Watch Ariana Grande and Mac Miller serenade each other in the "My Favorite Part" video False
Snubs and surprises from this year's Golden Globe nominations for TV True
Apple and SoftBank have discussed an investment of up to $1 billion in technology fund False
Chipotle founder Steve Ells will become the company's sole CEO as Monty Moran steps down False
New corruption charges filed against Brazil senate president False
Here's why fish and chips could soon be replaced with squid and chips True
A 999 call handling system crash left dispatchers scrawling down details of 2.5k emergencies False
Mistletoe is actually a tree-killing parasite — here's how it became a Christmas icon True
Our Lady of Guadalupe and why tomorrow holds special significance to Mexican-Americans False
WATCH LIVE: #GoldenGlobes nominations announced False
Missy Elliott pays tribute to Aaliyah's "timeless music &amp; style" 20 years after "One in a Million" was released False
Can you brainwash yourself using your sense of smell? True
Revealed in the @Telegraph: the mystery of the Sherlock baby name True
John Bolton claims election hack could have been a 'false flag operation' False
ISIS militants retake ancient city of Palmyra from Syrian forces False
RIGHT NOW: Tune in to Fox News Channel for an all-new 'Legends &amp; Lies: The Patriots' featuring 'Forgotten Heroes.' False
This is how Democrats plan to approach Trump's cabinet picks True
Ronna Romney McDaniel is a top contender for RNC chair, CBS News' @MajorCBS reports False
Procol Harum reveals plans for 50th anniversary; Gary Brooker to perform at George Martin tribute False
A 99 million-year-old dinosaur tail has been found in chunk of amber bought at a market False
Donald Trump will receive a mechanical Swiss-made timepiece for his inauguration False
Super bantamweight boxer, 23, found shot dead 'execution-style' in Mexico False
Dozens killed in cathedral bombing Cairo, the largest attack on a Christian house of worship in Egypt since 2010 False
Roger Goodell will meet with players in January to discuss how "My Cause, My Cleats" could be expanded for 2017. False
Gift Guide: 10 hottest toys under $50 False
Hollywood just felt the Force of the #RogueOne premiere -- now read the first reactions: False
A car bomb has exploded outside the Somali capital #Mogadishu, followed by heavy gunfire False
Wal-Mart is under pressure to fix its rampant crime problem False
Watch everyone try to test @JohnCena in his opening monologue on #SNL. False
These extraordinary holiday trips will be the highlight of your year: True
Republican John Kennedy has won Louisiana's runoff election for Senate False
They call me Mr. Glass House. True
BREAKING: At least 20 hurt in blast outside Istanbul soccer stadium False
Just a reminder that “Elf” is the best Christmas movie ever False
President-elect @realDonaldTrump tweets about attending today's Army-Navy football game. False
These are the hottest toys of the 2016 holiday season: True
Millions face heavy snow, deep freeze over weekend False
France's state of emergency may be extended to protect 2017 elections False
How to spend 36 hours in Sydney, Australia False
Russia was trying to help Donald Trump win election CIA concludes False
Chief Minister of MP gave daughter of jail employee killed by SIMI terrorists an employment letter on her wedding False
Longtime Gambian ruler now refuses to step aside False
Donald Trump senior adviser Kellyanne Conway: I'm getting death threats False
Inauguration protesters will be barred from the National Mall and other sites False
Donald Trump's "Celebrity Apprentice" deal may include money from brands, a source says False
Trading up: Billionaire Herb Chambers builds and sells yachts for a hobby False
Drama! True
Louis Tomlinson’s #OneDirection family sends love after mother’s death False
How many times does he have to do that before YOU get the message? True
"Schumer and the Democrats prepare to fight"  via @PostOpinions False
Top emerging-market bond sellers see little impact from Fed hikes in 2017 False
Fashion designer Nicole Miller reveals what Donald Trump is really like False
We are LIVE on the red carpet at Billboard's #WomenInMusic 2016! False
The 10 best music memes of 2016 True
Troubles envoy warns of damage from row about prosecuting UK troops False
Earth racing to its sixth mass extinction, latest study indicates False
Business giants piled cash into GOP super PACs just prior to election False
Dangerous wintry weather arrives on roads across the country: False
.@Lloyd_YG releases his new EP 'Tru' f/ Lil Wayne, Rick Ross, and 2 Chainz. False
#Syria war: #Russia says fighting suspended in #Aleppo to allow 8,000 civilian evacuations  #Syria_Aleppo False
Judge Reinhold arrested after airport spat False
Dylann Roof's mom had a heart attack after emotional testimony, attorney says False
Untangling Obamacare could be the ugliest battle of 2017 False
Kid Rock is selling pro-Trump “current event merch,” according to a tweet he wrote False
Mick Jagger becomes a father for the eighth time at 73 False
L.A.-based lawyer sues FBI over Clinton email warrant False
Facebook is really, seriously working on its fake news problem, Sheryl Sandberg says False
Widow claims husband died of "emotional distress" after being ordered to clean toilet True
The untold story of #Sindhudesh, a 'country' of #Sindhi people lost in #Pakistan.
#IndiaTimes #ThisIsIt False
Madonna says we’re f**ked after Donald Trump’s election win False
Lady Gaga opens up about struggling with PTSD in emotional letter False
The SEC might about to weigh in on a war between Wall Street traders False
.@BigBoi clarifies Gucci Mane's claim about new OutKast music: False
Good Samaritan stops high-speed car chase True
Tina Fey: How to live under President Trump 'with dignity' False
Someone's writing checks they can't cash  via @Bfly True
Report claims Kim Kardashian is considering divorcing Kanye West: False
The story of #JJayalalithaa’s coffin maker 
#ThisIsIt False
Ethicists want Trump to sell his company. If he won't, what choices remain? False
Banks fined $520m for euro rate rigging False
.@MamataOfficial was onboard an @IndiGo6E flight &amp; the @airindiain &amp; @flyspicejet planes were ahead of her aircraft False
You can FINALLY 'like' or disable comments on Instagram posts False
Theresa May risks becoming an accidental Europe-wrecker | Rafael Behr False
The biggest person on YouTube announced he was deleting his account. YouTube got in touch True
Donald Trump takes his "thank you" tour to North Carolina False
“We envisioned an extra-cheerful celebration of Hillary Clinton’s presidency” False
Don't miss it! #BTECH is streaming on @Twitter HERE False
POTUS: "We're fighting terrorists who claim to fight on behalf of Islam...but they don't speak for American Muslims" False
Belgian Man Convicted of Funding Brussels Terrorism Suspect False
Girl who was raped 43,000 times dedicates her life to helping others True
A look inside what might happen to the FCC under Trump: False
GOLDMAN: Here are our biggest fears for 2017 True
#Cooking hacks that can make your life way #healthier! What's on your dinner plate? True
Ian Cathro debate shows Scottish football is still in the dark age | Ewan Murray  via @guardian_sport False
An Aussie fund giant bets on U.S. banks and infrastructure firms thanks to Trump False
French left stakes its hopes on Manuel Valls in presidential race False
White House seeks to reassure China after Trump phone call with Taiwan's Tsai Ing-wen. False
DR Congo: Tribal clashes leave 31 dead False
WATCH: O'Reilly Responds to Obama's Plan to Accept 2,000 Immigrants Denied By Australia  | #oreillyfactor True
Mark Carney warns Britain is suffering first lost decade since 1860 as Europe loses trust in globalisation False
And now we play... the waiting game. False
Philadelphia's Mummers undergo sensitivity training before parade False
.@ItsJamieScott on the secret to writing hits for One Direction, Justin Bieber &amp; Niall Horan True
ABC keeps it in the family, reportedly taps Jimmy Kimmel to host 2017 Oscars False
National Steak and Poultry recalls nearly 2M pounds of chicken   via @foxnewshealth False
Mourners gather at makeshift memorial near scene of fatal Oakland warehouse fire False
Just a reminder that “Elf” is the best Christmas movie ever False
#CSIRO backs #emissions trading scheme over RETs to lower power prices False
Ramesses II, victor of Kadesh: a kindred spirit of Trump? False
Matteo Renzi's referendum defeat: Why Italy’s vote matters:  #BBCGoFigure False
A handful of nuts a day could slash risk of heart disease and cancer False
#ICYMI: @CatherineDeveny asks, should men be able to 'opt out' of parenthood? False
BREAKING: Warehouse fire survivors describe escape, as death toll rises to 30 False
President of Brazilian football team Chapecoense buried as fans pay final tributes False
Michigan. Ohio State. Penn State. Washington.

As the rankings reveal nears (12 ET, ESPN), let's break it all down: False
Jobs added in November. More: False
'World's original sports car' to be sold at auction True
This map by NASA shows the drastic amount of ice that’s disappeared from the Arctic False
Carry on sexting? That’s no way to help your kids… | Barbara Ellen True
Violence does not seem to be ending in #Syria any time soon #ISIS True
This woman was born with no vagina. She hopes to have children False
Go cash-less, pay by cheque! True
Relatives of missing Flight MH370 passengers fly to Madagascar to 'take search into own hands' False
The one thing you should never do to your hair first thing in the morning True
People are applauding this dog for trying to clean up his own pee with toilet paper False
Chris Pratt pulled off an absurdly brilliant magic trick on Graham Norton's show False
4 things we can deduce from the new Sherlock teaser True
The boisterous backstage life of the opera star Anna Netrebko, in 360°: False
Catty News Network. True
A student fatally stabbed a USC professor after a 'personal dispute,' police say False
More than 1.8 million teens are reading books by text messages thanks to this start-up True
Adele tickets are being sold online for £9,000 False
Sports of The Times: At Liberty University, All Sins at Are Forgiven on the Altar of Greed False
This transcript of Donald Trump's victory rally should terrify anyone with a reading age over 12 True
Commentator who cheated death True
39 expensive-ass gifts you wish you could afford True
How Donald Trump’s calls to world leaders are upsetting decades of diplomacy True
Stephen Colbert takes on the horror of Trump's mass-texting capabilities False
The experts have spoken and @derekcarrqb would be their pick False
This girl’s fish pulled a “Finding Nemo” move on her and everyone is screaming True
Funk legend @DennisCoffeyDET shares rediscovered 1968 live cut "Fuzz" (exclusive) False
.@Pusha_T believes racism is "no longer hidden" after Trump's win: False
'The casualty figures are staggering': Nearly 2,000 Iraqi fighters have been killed in Mosul False
"Oddly, this seems to be the thing that our fellow conservatives have found most offensive about Milo: his jokes." False
A mother searches for answers over her son's treatment in #DonDale #youth detention centre False
Dramatic footage shows dramatic rescue of a skater who fell through the ice False
A quarter of Europeans think rape is 'more acceptable' if the victim was drinking False
Mother of girl who tweeted about war in Aleppo says Syrian Army are TARGETING family False
6 million borrowers are at least 90 days late on their car loans False
Creator of "Full House" buys San Francisco home made famous by the beloved 1990s sitcom. False
Contact is lost with Russian cargo space ship heading to International Space Station False
Glencore will reinstate dividend next year and plans to pay out at least $1 billion annually False
Doctor's father makes second epic journey in daughter's memory after snapping wrong penguin on 8,000-mile trip False
The VERY exciting life of a globetrotting photographer False
.@SushmaSwaraj seeks report from embassy in #Dubai to help #Indian who walked 1,000 km for justice False
A burglar has his 70-year prison sentence increased after swearing at a judge False
North Carolina school board upholds suspension for teacher who stepped on #Americanflag False
"Nine thousand feet," the pilot yelled. "Vectors! Vectors!" Shortly afterward, the plane crashed. True
China mourns Cuba's Fidel Castro despite historical animosity False
Aleppo risks becoming 'one giant graveyard' False
"Madam President" Newsweek copies for sale online — but buyer beware False
Will Trump let his family run his empire? True
act of (paid) love True
The kids suing Donald Trump over inaction on global warming march to the White House False
How has the world changed after 100 days of @realDonaldTrump? False
Prison bus runs over 'injured' corrections officer in front of horrified students during security drill in Colombia False
Analysis: How has 100 days of President Trump impacted race relations? False
Quentin Tarantino remembers Reservoir Dogs: 'I counted the walkouts' False
Here's how to make sure you're getting all your texts if you switch to Android from iPhone False
Greta Van Susteren shares her advice for the Tweeter-in-Chief False
"Giant hurricane" on Saturn: See the first images from Cassini's epic ring dive False
Five signs you work for a weak manager: True
21 gloriously perfect tweets that will make everything feel good True
Behind the 'suspicious' relabeling of Ivanka's line True
The New York J-E-T-E Jets…

…wait, what? 🤔🙃

🎥: False
The greatest reporter of our time, and why we should never forget him True
Guy in court for traffic ticket ends up behind bars after cocaine falls out of his hat False
Why do we care about US President @realDonaldTrump's first 100 days?  (Pic: AP) False
A new festival backed by A-list celebrities has descended into absolute chaos False
President Trump to NRA: "Freedom is not a gift from government, freedom is a gift from God" False
Parents speak out about backlash over YouTube prank videos: 'We were going for shock value' (via @GMA) False
Trump backers in Phoenix area are fine with his learning curve False
France election: New far right leader quits in Holocaust row False
Want to be productive all day? Start your morning with these 6 rituals: True
Regional German polling gives Merkel some good news False
Mitsubishi Heavy IndustriesVoice: The evolution and impact of online shopping False
Brave mom emails daughter's school saying her 10-year-old is 'done' with homework False
.@realDonaldTrump says 'major, major conflict' with North Korea is possible, but prefers diplomacy False
On Friday, Congress could make it a lot harder for rich people to move to the U.S False
Unequal future? True
BlackBerry is back, with a new phone with physical keyboard that runs on Android False
Oops, wrong ship! Chinese defence ministry apologises for Photoshop fail True
2 officers shot on French island of Reunion; bomb materials found at Islamist suspect's home False
Opinion: "Trump’s lies are working brilliantly. This new poll proves it." False
Fifa: French probe 2018 &amp; 2022 World Cup bids False
Why every mammal (including humans), takes 12 seconds to poop True
Spike Lee: ‘Black men are still viewed as predators’ False
'Mutton-headed old mugwump': Boris Johnson attacks Corbyn False
The annual @TIME 100 Gala celebrates the 100 most influential people in the world. Here's who made the list: True
FOX NEWS POLL: President Trump's first 100 days getting mixed reviews   via @foxnewspoll False
A fun headline from @svdate: Who’s going to pay for the wall? Nobody!  —@lpolgreen False
Opinions: Trump’s presidency is teaching elites like me a lesson False
Homeland Security announced the creation of an agency for the victims of crimes committed by undocumented immigrants False
Jim Harbaugh blesses Pope Francis with a Michigan helmet and exclusive Jordans 🙏 False
Serena Williams says she revealed pregnancy on Snapchat by accident False
Comic from India calls Trump "America's Arranged Marriage" on "Conan" False
Inside the immigrant-prosecuting machine that transformed America's deportation policy False
Was Einstein really a sex-crazed love rat and plagiarist? #premium True
"Yes, I pelted stones yesterday. But that's not what I want to do." #Respect 👍 False
Shania Twain announces new single "Life's About to Get Good" &amp; first album in 15 years False
Nestlé set to cut 300 UK jobs and move production of Blue Riband bars to Poland 'because of Brexit' False
British lawmakers head to their home constituencies, leaving parliament to the tourists False
Steph admits he’s not flawless, but the two-time MVP had his swagger going strong in Game 4 False
Self-charging battery could put an end to your phone dying True
White House "confident" of averting shutdown as Trump shows flexibility on wall False
.@TheVikasKhanna is one of the first #Indian #chefs to receive the international acclaim! Congratulations! #Wow 😲🙌 False
All 100 senators called to briefing at White House False
Lightning struck a tree and seemingly opened up the gates of Hell. So, that's great. False
We give up on life. 

—Bana Alabed, 12/1/2016 False
Death toll in Venezuela's anti-government protests climbs False
Sharks center Joe Thornton played first-round series vs. Oilers with torn ACL and MCL False
Chinese billionaire Jack Ma says in 30 years the best CEO will be a ROBOT False
May 2017 could be Netflix’s best month yet - a list of what is joining True
ready? True
Can anyone fend off the red-hot Nats ? How high can the Yankees climb?

Full MLB power rankings: False
This #Hyderabad woman is facing mental and physical harassment at the hands of her kafeel (sponsor) in #SaudiArabia. False
Akzo Nobel is running out of reasons to snub PPG -- Heard on the Street True
Boy, 12, arrested trying to drive across Australia avoided suspicion because 'he is 6ft tall and looks 19' False
#India faces, on average, a shortfall of 3 million units of #blood annually. False
Do these 6 things in the morning to be productive all day: True
Muslim teen to become the first to box in U.S. competition wearing Hijab False
Chris Pratt says his blue-collar America remark was ‘pretty stupid’ False
An Egyptian archaeological team has unearthed 8 mummies in 3,500-year-old tombs False
Be kind rewind in Alaska the last frontier….of Blockbuster Video? False
Florida teen dons Black Lives Matter prom dress  #FOXNewsUS True
The White House appears ready to go to the mat for its border wall False
Harry, Niall and Zayn’s solo debuts: A look at the numbers False
After renovation, NYC’s Empire Diner hopes to reclaim its hot-spot legacy False
Immigrants advance Australian economy, but what happens if we 'close the door?' False
As Donald Trump nears 100 days in office, his chief of staff says he has honored many  major campaign promises False
Divisions erupt among factions as Germany's nationalist party  chooses candidates for September's general election False
France election: voters go to the polls in wide-open contest False
"Girlboss" is now streaming, but it's out at the exact wrong time False
19 fucking infuriating things about women's clothing True
Lady Gaga shows companies how to make a comeback True
Watch @karliekloss school @LifeOfDesiigner on climate change for Bill Nye's Netflix show. False
Rupert Murdoch passed the baton to his sons and they immediately set about creating a warmer and fuzzier workplace False
Michigan State and Oregon among teams guaranteed to improve their win total False
Fernando Llorente and Tom Carroll seal Swansea’s vital win over Stoke  via @guardian_sport False
I tried five different period subscription boxes to see if they were worth it True
Go green and get happy with these #EarthDay freebies False
How “Superstore” Made Itself One Of America’s Most Relevant Shows False
Ilie Nastase calls Anne Keothavong and Johanna Konta 'f***ing bitches' as he is thrown off court in #FedCup clash False
Patton Oswalt shares sweet tribute to his late wife on anniversary of her death False
According to the directive eateries should leave the #servicecharge column blank &amp; let customers decide what to pay False
Russian aircraft fly close to Alaska for fourth time in 4 days. False
Update: Madison Bumgarner is expected to miss six to eight weeks, per @Ken_Rosenthal False
Dual U.S.-Israeli citizen charged with making threatening calls to Jewish Community Centers False
BEWARE: This Google Chrome and Firefox phishing scam is 'practically impossible to spot' True
A woman announced her pregnancy with a Unicorn Frappuccino False
Private school housemaster cleared of abusing boys after victim's father writes to court to defend him False
Bruce Allen faces greatest Redskins challenge: Getting Daniel Snyder a new stadium deal False
'I'm an Idiot': NY Times Editor Apologizes for Misleading Trump-Patriots Tweet False
How Greylock VC Asheem Chandna keeps racking up billion-dollar outcomes:  #ForbesMidas False
How exactly will the 2017 general election work? True
Trump was going to investigate voter fraud. What happened? False
Self-driving cars at Epcot? Orlando wants "the Happiest Place On Earth" to also be the most automated False
The secrets behind Russ’ extreme physique #BRmag True
Offshore wind turbines are about to become taller than the Eiffel Tower False
A look at the parallels between Sunday’s election in France and the 2016 U.S. presidential election False
New study examines the health risks of diet drinks with artificial sweeteners: False
.@FullFrontalSamB "fixed" Bill O'Reilly's statement about his Fox News exit False
French authorities hunt for second suspect in Paris police ambush attack False
Researchers deploy drones armed with sensors fly through an erupting volcano's ash clouds: False
16-year-old devises system to save heart attack victims while on work experience True
60 foods that taste better when you're high True
Former NFL player Will Smith’s killer sentenced to 25 years for manslaughter, per @AP False
Italian PM: "Italy contributes to peace and to stability in the Mediterranean." False
How Bashar Assad rose to become one of the deadliest leaders in modern history False
Jeremy Corbyn is suddenly the fastest gun in the west, but he's firing at all the wrong targets True
Dion Waiters' about that life False
A designer is selling a $2,145 version of that bag you use to do laundry False
Former CIA director Michael Hayden says Russia “really doesn’t want to go to war with us” False
Bill Gates warns Terrorists could wipe out 30 million people by weaponising a disease like smallpox False
oh. True
17 cake designs that are just absolutely stunning True
U.K. election raises the prospect of another Scottish independence vote False
"This has been without question the hardest week of my life." False
The death of Aaron Hernandez brings up more questions than answers, writes Ian O'Connor. False
Hyperloop One taps the brakes on testing False
Primark plans its biggest expansion in decades as sales soar False
Government to announce $300m training fund amid 457 visa change skills shortage concern False
27 stores with helpful reviews that'll make online shopping so much easier True
Intruder inside Drake's home only raided rapper's fridge False
Miranda Kerr's getting hella trolled after Evan Spiegel's alleged India comments False
Newtown school board leaders call on Pres. Trump to denounce Sandy Hook conspiracies False
Trump administration says Iran complying with 2015 nuclear deal negotiated by President Obama. False
Watch @SherylCrow perform new music on @NCISNewOrleans False
Lawsuit says Thalia failed to promote her fashion brand False
Man sentenced to at least 25 years in prison in 1979 case of missing NYC boy Etan Patz. False
Kevin Spacey has been picked to host the 2017 #TonyAwards False
Billions gush into Merrill Lynch’s fee accounts as Obama-era fiduciary rule looms False
What % Lucky Are You? True
FB is developing bots to flag murders and suicides on the platform, but will that be enough? False
Why Tony Robbins, Steve Case, Magic Johnson and others invested millions in this pro gaming team True
MLB umpires may start using mics to explain replay rulings to fans, per @AP_Sports False
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day True
IMF nudges up global growth forecast to 3.5% despite geopolitical angst False
Chinese GDP accelerates, driven by debt and construction False
These astrology-inspired makeup looks are magical False
Seabin founder Pete Ceglinski battles hard to make his ocean-cleaning dream a reality False
A teen texted her dad after someone claimed he’d “beat her ass” if she took off her hijab True
Reporter: Is it time to say Trump is never going to release his tax returns?
Spicer: I’ll get back to you on that. False
Behold: Barack Obama, husband of Instagram False
Lake Malawi boat disaster: 'Man held on to bag of flour' False
Volunteers pitch in to stop #Indigenous families being evicted False
Three airlines change policies in wake of United's passenger dragging incident False
Questions linger from the probe into #Prince's death True
The search widens for the Facebook murder suspect False
Tourist who took camera inside North Korea is shocked to discover a happy country True
Three times North Korea nearly provoked the U.S. into war True
From Texas Tech to the Texans?

Patrick Mahomes goes in Round 1 in our latest mock draft False
18 jokes to send to your friend who loves drama True
This woman is strong and healthy at 90. Here’s how she does it True
Vice President Mike Pence makes surprise visit to Korean Demilitarized Zone. False
If you missed @ladygaga's Coachella set, here's the official version of "The Cure." False
Justin Welby hits out at fake news epidemic as he uses Easter sermon to stress importance of facts False
Weird and wonderful religious relics True
One year later, few answers have emerged from the probe into Prince's death False
I gave £10 to a potential conman because he seemed so honest. Did I make a mistake? #Premium False
White House tries to rebrand Trump's "deportation force" False
Pippa and the party to end all parties True
Police arrest at least 20 as protesters clash at pro-Trump rally in Berkeley False
Today, 164 years ago, #India’s first train run took place from Mumbai to Thane. 😍😮🙌 False
As tensions rise with North Korea, VP Pence embarks on trip to Asia False
Pope Francis leads Easter celebrations at St Peter's Square False
If the “Evet” or “Yes” vote succeeds, Erdogan could hold the reins in Turkey until 2029 False
Sorry Australia, when it comes to wine Americans prefer New Zealand False
36 hours in Baltimore False
Afghan official: US bomb death toll rises to 94 False
Shaq to pay for funeral of teen who accidentally killed himself on Instagram Live. False
at long last. True
An Indiana town’s big bet on international business pays off False
Arrête-la! True
Janet Jackson's sharing the first photo of baby Eissa False
Don't panic: 7 things to do after getting fired True
Sanskari #Goa will now BAN locals from entering casinos! 😶😶 False
Sri Lankan dump #landslide kills 16, buries 100 homes in Colombo False
The cost of unifying North and South Korea False
The do's and don'ts of asking for a raise: True
Police: Man charged in deadly shooting on train in Atlanta False
Afghan authorities say 36 suspected Isil militants killed as US says decision to drop 'Mother of All Bombs' tactical False
Canada's government has unveiled its plans to legalize recreational marijuana False
What do fans make of the latest @starwars trailer? True
Outcry as Utah judge calls Mormon bishop who raped girl a ‘good man’ False
Is President Trump trying to strengthen or to dismantle Obamacare? False
at long last. True
What will it take to break the two-hour #marathon? False
This photo of Jeremy Corbyn in a train toilet has become a meme False
Roddy White officially announces his retirement after 11 NFL seasons False
Apple granted autonomous car testing permit in California False
Here's 8 side gigs you can do now to get some extra cash for the summer: True
The perfect dating app for farmers has yet to be made True
They were taking a #groupfie with a #selfie stick when slipped and fell off the running train. #DeathBySelfie False
another one down True
K.J. Lawson, who is transferring from Memphis to Kansas, apologized for cursing out his former coach on Snapchat. False
Big Sur usually can’t keep people away. Right now, it’s practically deserted. False
WhatsApp has started testing two much-wanted new features False
NBA player manages to make $500,000 by refusing to shoot during team's final 4 games. True
One in four young women in UK report mental health problems, study shows False
Austrian scuba diver killed by a shark after disappearing in the waters off South Africa False
Running may be the single most effective exercise to increase life expectancy, according to a new review False
Elon Musk says Tesla will unveil a semi-truck in September False
House Republicans are having the worst spring break ever True
Canada unveils plans to legalise recreational marijuana False
Hundreds brawl, chaos ensues before Europa League quarterfinal game 😳 False
How do CPAs spend their tax refunds? Investment, tax deferment, pianos False
.@MercyMe rules Top Christian Albums &amp; Hot Christian Songs Charts False
Dangling meetings is an old technique for Putin, used to keep other leaders off balance, @SangerNYT writes False
Fraudsters need just three details to steal your identity – and most of it can be found on Facebook True
A Thunder fan stole the show by making a $20,000 shot from half court last night 🤑 

🎥: False
WATCH LIVE: Attorneys of United Airlines passenger forced off plane hold briefing True
Mom told to stop breastfeeding at mall, records incident on Facebook False
Before-and-after photos show California landscapes making a comeback after years of drought: False
Pres. Trump flips on campaign pledge to label China as a currency manipulator. False
Agency that guards Chicago's airports under threat after passenger dragged off United flight False
Fast-food #advertisement targeting voice-activated mobiles 'blocked' before TV debut False
With his presidency in turmoil, Trump keeps returning to past victories — and old foes False
Tomi Lahren asks Glenn Beck and The Blaze to "let me move on": False
Ants are like us too! Insects call friends to rescue them when they're injured by spraying chemicals False
Parents will totally get Chrissy Teigen's funny story about boogers True
reminder that our new president is a wwe hall-of-famer True
John Boyega's 'Detroit' trailer will definitely get people talking True
Pres. Trump says the United States is "not going into Syria." False
Porcine of the times! Booze-guzzling pig shows-up stunned drinkers by chugging THREE bottles of beer in seconds True
Nobody believed he got run over by a deer on April Fools' Day — until now True
The market rates Aeon as highly as Amazon. Analysts don't  via @Bfly False
19 things picky eaters can't get away with True
Drunk person confronts MMA fighter outside a Walmart and the unexpected happens 😳

🎥: True
New "Carpool Karaoke" prime time special coming in May: True
17 signs you are new to adulthood True
One year too late! True
Rolling Stone settles lawsuit over campus rape story False
The most common kitchen mistakes revealed... so how many are YOU making? True
Fax machines are the latest tool for the resistance (seriously) False
 False
Here are all the ways you could lose your seat on an airplane True
Garrison Keillor: The president of visuals True
Sessions seen shifting DOJ focus from white-collar to violent crimes False
White House press secretary Sean Spicer is holding a briefing. Watch live on CNN or @CNNgo: False
"Thanks to Donald Trump's incoherence, the G7 can't agree a response to Syria" #premium False
"Trump should let Syrian refugees in. But not because he feels sorry for them."  via @PostEverything False
"For the things that happened in North Carolina, it's abysmal." True
Gordon Ramsay's father-in-law admits to computer hacking False
Mark Gatiss confirms his return to Game of Thrones False
United CEO tells employees "there are lessons we can learn" after man is dragged off flight. False
Hawaii LGBTQ couples are seeking equal access to fertility treatment  via @NBCOUT False
Hungarian president signs law cracking down on foreign universities, sparking protests False
Grandfather of Charleston church shooter speaks out in court: "Dylann is not all bad." False
10 incredible photos of defiance from history True
How “Colossal” Tore Nice-Guy Syndrome To Shreds True
 True
Joe Thomas took to Twitter to troll United Airlines over controversial video True
Commuters will find it difficult to get #cab services like @Uber_India and @Olacabs to get to #Haryana! False
What 'April' is in every European language, mapped False
D'Angelo Russell sinks game-winning buzzer-beater hours after death of grandmother. False
New #trade deal with #India could be years away, @TurnbullMalcolm says  #auspol  (Pic: AP) False
Egypt Palm Sunday church blasts have now killed at least 38 people False
"I think people will not only be too scared to be inside a church, they will be too scared to pass by one now" False
With lethal injection drugs expiring, Arkansas plans an unprecedented seven executions in 11 days False
"It wasn't a foul on my sixth foul." – LeBron James True
This entrepreneur started a travel company that may help you quit your job True
Monash Medical Centre's sleep laboratory helps #kids who struggle through the night False
Watch Alec Baldwin pull double duty interviewing President Trump as Bill O'Reilly on #SNL False
Did LeBron James tease new tracks from Meek Mill and Nipsey Hussle on Snapchat? False
A tweet from Scott can make all the difference in this SNL music video True
Swedish prosecutor says second person arrested for truck attack in Stockholm. False
Rep. Adam Schiff says Russia was "absolutely" complicit in Syrian chemical attack  #ThisWeek False
Watch Alec Baldwin compare President Trump to finger chili on #SNL False
WATCH: Guy gets nailed in the throat with a pigeon while riding a roller coaster True
"#EVMs are robust and tamper-proof and even the manufacturers cannot manipulate them at the time of production." False
The #Yamuna river is almost DEAD!!! :o What is the #Govt doing about it? #toxic False
British spies tapped King Edward VIII's calls with American lover False
Thousands of Venezuelans protest the ban of opposition leader False
This wonderful spring is a sign of… completely normal weather, writes Christopher Booker #Premium False
#ICYMI: Australian team works to help humans walk on Mars False
Golfing with Trump? Better leave your ego at the clubhouse True
Alec Baldwin is back as Donald Trump in #SNL cold open. False
Review | Why isn’t John Mayer’s music as weird as John Mayer? False
“Black Power!” revisits a movement that brought social change into the street False
Russian warship heads to Syria in reaction to US air strikes False
Goldman Sachs says now could be the time for foreigners to return to Japan stocks False
Meet Ed Miliband, the funniest, sassiest politician on Twitter False
See how @Stanford overtook @Harvard as the most selective college in the US, in one chart True
Police arrest three more suspects over the Stockholm truck attack False
Fox is reportedly using Trump’s ‘Grab ’em by the p***y’ tape in sexual harassment seminars. False
South Africa's first black female winemaker launches her own brand False
3 Killed, 4 Injured, 5 Missing in House Collapse in Poland False
Which U.S. players does "Japan's Babe Ruth" want to go up against? False
Necessity is the mother of invention! True
The Casey Anthony trial is dissected again in a new documentary this weekend. But why? True
Escort convicted in Google exec's OD death ordered deported False
Raiders’ exit is a loss for Oakland workers, a touchdown for taxpayers False
Can You Find The Boner Hidden In These Bones? True
.@JimmyKimmelLive! hires longtime Conan O'Brien music booker Jim Pitt False
Padres fans, you might want to stay away.

But everyone else, come on in ... True
LeBron James mocked Lonzo Ball's shooting form, so you know he had to say something False
King of insults Don Rickles once gave Stephen Colbert an incredible compliment. True
Harry Styles hits No. 1 on Billboard + Twitter Trending 140 chart with #SignoftheTimes False
This could be the moment that defines Trump's legacy, writes @NicRobertsonCNN for @CNNOpinion False
"Here's the reason there's no middle ground," Stephen Bannon growled at Jared Kushner. "You're a Democrat." False
A Romanian architect who fell into the Thames during the London attack has died after being taken off life support False
IBMVoice: How cognitive computing can help to prevent phishing attacks True
'Project Blue' aims to find planets around the nearest Sun-like stars False
"You are not alone." #Depression #MentalHealth #Support False
Bannon wants a war on Washington. Now he’s part of one inside the White House. False
The Trumps are running the Secret Service into the ground False
Meet Rep. Mike Conaway, the man taking over the Russia probe False
So what is Kendrick actually dropping tomorrow? True
This student hilariously roasted his college with two words and it has people screaming True
They stopped the Dalit groom from mounting a mare, claiming it was only meant for the upper caste. False
Hot 100 chart moves: Katy Perry, James Arthur &amp; Lorde hit new heights True
"I was naïve enough to believe I had all the answers. I'm still kicking myself in the butt for that." True
The Senate is expected to vote to end the Supreme Court filibuster beacuse of the battle over Gorsuch's nomination False
Florida firefighters name new truck after baby that was left at the station 11 years ago. False
Men catch 15-foot-long, 144-pound python in the Florida Everglades False
Stanley McChrystal says picking military spending over PBS is "a false choice" False
Lawyers in travel ban case seek emails and subpoenas False
Tag someone who would do this ⬇️

Space scientists will pay men to stay in bed for 60 days True
#ICYMI: Why isn't there more outrage about the unimaginable terror in #Syria? False
US Navy grounds T-45 training jet fleet following Fox News report   via @LucasFoxNews False
President Trump: "I now have responsibility" when it comes to Syria False
President Trump defends Bill O'Reilly amid sexual harassment claims False
It looks like JPMorgan is building a robo adviser True
6 business ideas tailored for social impact from the #Under30Summit True
Neil Young pulls out of Pearl Jam #RockHall induction due to illness False
Spice Girl Mel B granted restraining order against estranged husband over abuse claims False
Italy's sleeping beauty: 400-year-old castle near Venice brought back to life False
Louis C.K.: @realdonaldtrump is a 'gross crook dirty rotten lying sack of sh*t' False
1 in 10 pregnant women with Zika had a fetus or infant with birth defects, CDC says. False
This Chinese oil veteran says Rex Tillerson can ease North Korea frictions False
The @FLAGALine &amp; @BackstreetBoys mega-performance was the most-tweeted moment at the 2017 #ACMAwards 👌 False
.@Adriel_Favela talks politically charged single #MeLlamoJuan &amp; more on #LatinConnection Podcast False
US cut to United Nations Population Fund 'devastating' for vulnerable False
Beyonce drops new single "Die With You" in honor of Jay Z wedding anniversary False
NFL offseason moves: where does Phil Simms go if Tony Romo joins CBS? False
James Corden taking “Late Late Show” to U.K. in June: False
The Kawhi Leonard trade was the toughest decision in Pop’s career #BRmag False
The mysterious hedge maze from 'S-Town' is falling apart, and it's too sad to handle False
Hope for troops as antibiotics show they could be 'exciting new treatment' for PTSD True
#StPetersburg subway blast was suicide attack: investigators  #Russia (Pic: Reuters) False
Here's what happens when you hold an exclusive #AMA sesh with PM @JustinTrudeau! Hint: awesome stuff True
Chechen police round up more than 100 men suspected of being gay killing three, according to reports False
Diners who prefer well-done meat know what they like, even if others think it’s a ‘crime against beef’ False
Why Fox stock is immune to the Bill O'Reilly scandal False
.@seanhannity: Susan Rice 'Has a Lot of Explaining to Do' About Intel 'Unmasking' | #Hannity False
University mourns sorority sister who died after pancake-eating contest False
Jabrill Peppers’ versatility could be viewed as a major asset come draft day False
Ariana Grande has a mini "Victorious" reunion at her concert False
The Should-Be-Bigger Bracket: See which artist won it all🏆 True
Ecuador in turmoil as leftist party appears to extend its reign False
Can YOU spot the hidden artist? False
Texas man charged for firing 'indiscriminately' at 2 men attacking his fiance False
Neurological diseases cost the U.S. $800 billion each year False
Google Training Ad Placement Computers to Be Offended True
Should Australians be able to opt out of #Medicare? This professor thinks so True
Mary Higgins Clark, the Queen of Suspense False
Anti-corruption protests continue across Russia False
Chelsea’s Antonio Conte stays cool after loss and sets sights on Manchester City  via @guardian_sport False
Moscow police detain up to 30 protesters in more anti-government demonstrations False
Germany is showing Donald Trump how to America False
"Who’s American? Who should be here?" Those questions are at the heart of "The Profane" and on its cast's minds False
'Disappearing' golden eagle sparks murder mystery row on Scottish estate False
 True
Why Apple is redesigning the next iPhone, in 1 simple diagram False
Britain's 20 greatest landscapes False
Trump aide lashes out at Freedom Caucus lawmaker False
Joe Pesci to reunite with Goodfellas director Martin Scorsese after all False
Living under flightpath roar 'may cause diabetes' False
Is well-done steak a 'crime against beef'? Diners who prefer their meat bloodless are used to being shamed True
Chicago Mayor's office says Spicer can't blame shooting epidemic on immigrants False
Arkansas can't find enough volunteers to witness back-to-back executions False
Colorado woman's remains found under grave of WWII veteran False
Someone threw the 'Veep' music over that awkward Trump non-signing, and it's fantastic True
Take it for a spin in Lapland! Car companies offer exotic driving tours to lure buyers False
Top #entertainment news from today! False
Arrested while applying for a green card: US immigration experts fear policy shift False
Sam Sacks reviews new fiction by Hannah Tinti and Ivan Vladislavić False
ICYMI: It's not all Brexit this week False
.@Nick_Xenophon defends deal to pass #Government's company #tax cuts  #auspol False
Brazil police in Rio held after shooting wounded suspects False
Use these success tips to get ahead in the workplace True
How to get along with your new college graduate False
Is the Galaxy S8 really so different from the Galaxy S7? We break it down: False
Hint: It's not the Cubs.

See who our experts have winning it all this MLB season: True
'How Dare You!': @MeghanMcCain Tears Into Professor for Tweet About Soldier False
Google Maps lets you play Pac-Man on real streets False
Annotated: What does Nicola Sturgeon's Scottish independence letter say and really mean? True
.@Rihanna scores 29th No. 1 on Billboard's Dance Club Songs chart False
A key Apple supplier saw its profit explode False
Victoria Beckham's Spice Girl Carpool Karaoke segment is here -- sort of False
As many as 128 unconnected-by-air city pairs are set to get #flights between April and September False
Dutch raids target 'tax evaders' in Europe and Australia False
New study finds "staggering" rise in mastectomies in 5 states False
Bull shark found washed up on Australia road following Cyclone Debbie. False
Expecting a refund? There are smart ways to spend it: True
Thousands of Trump University students sign up for hefty refunds False
'Legion' murked every other comic book show out there False
Putin reiterates his government's claim: Russia did not help elect Donald Trump False
Brexit: No talks with the UK before clear withdrawal terms, says France False
Who should direct Donald Trump: the Movie? Step forward, Werner Herzog False
China's plan to reduce troop numbers to save money for high-tech weapons is on track False
American Airlines pilot dies after suffering medical episode on flight False
Unapologetic "dreamer" Belen Sisa has responded to backlash over her post on paying taxes False
#Bellamy's fails to meet #Chinese regulators' deadline for registration False
State Department drops human rights as condition for fighter jet sale to Bahrain False
12 killed in Texas as church bus and pickup truck collide False
Paris bans 'sexist' adverts from billboards False
Help NBC News and @ProPublica track reports of hate crimes across the U.S. → False
A couple of geniuses are crowdfunding to get back at the politicians who voted to sell your web data False
Gregg Popovich or Steve Kerr? Brad Stevens or Mike D'Antoni?

Our panel ranks all 30 NBA coaches: False
bring et True
Perspective: What our children with autism have taught us: Love with abandon, and laugh at yourself False
Italian authorities disrupt scheme to steal Enzo Ferrari’s body and hold it for ransom False
Zuma's plan to fire Gordhan is opposed by 3 ANC leaders, source says False
Breaking: In historic step, Britain gives formal notice that it is leaving the European Union False
States push to protect abortion funding, despite GOP healthcare fail False
White House staff drops out of correspondents' dinner in "solidarity" with Trump False
New research: avoiding all nuts because you're allergic to one type is overkill False
Lady Gaga's 7 best black &amp; white couture looks True
Inside St. Clair, an Alabama prison where just about everyone is thought to be armed False
Michigan and the city of Flint agree to replace 18,000 home water lines by 2020. False
#CycloneDebbie downgraded to category one but gales, heavy rain continue. Blogging through the night. Stay with us False
Democratic leaders hold their weekly press conference. Watch it live on CNN False
Ikea wants to put your whole house online. But for goodness' sake why? True
A Chinese bike-sharing service vows to stop child riders after the accidental death of a boy False
Cyclone Debbie: Footage shows 'monster' storm hit Queensland False
Father of Maryland high school rape suspect arrested by ICE  #FOXNewsUS False
One dead in Oakland residential building fire False
People are freaking out over Patrick Stewart in drag compared to Kellyanne Conway False
Colombia mad over Wiz Khalifa's visit to Pablo Escobar tomb False
Watch Shawn Mendes &amp; Camila Cabello crush a cover of Ed Sheeran's "Kiss Me" False
Sweet Brexit: what sugar tells us about Britain’s future outside the EU False
Body found in suitcase in Italian port of Rimini False
!Sdrawkcab: Missy Elliott, the Beatles and the joy of backwards lyrics False
Family of Utah man killed in London attack says they bear no ill will toward terrorist False
Does dark matter exist, or is gravity wrong? The answer lies billions of years in the past True
Fortis Healthcare considers a buyout of a Singapore-listed business, sources say False
Nissan recalls more than 56,000 vehicles over power steering concerns. True
Watch Lady Gaga and Stevie Wonder perform at Elton John's 70th birthday False
The first week numbers for Drake's 'More Life' are in—and they're big. False
Uh... did it do *anything*? True
We sent a film crew to the Philippines, where death, grief and fear fill the streets True
Police think multiple shooters were involved in Cincinnati nightclub shooting; say no reason to suspect terrorism. False
Germany's Saarland state in bellwether vote for Merkel False
'A runaway crisis': Argentina activists aid shanty towns state has left behind False
Tesla fatal crash driver was exceeding the speed limit, official report finds False
A new vaccine for a disease that kills about 600 children a day could protect millions of children True
1 dead, suspect surrenders in Las Vegas strip bus shooting and standoff False
Gareth Southgate lets England players and Eddie Jones do the talking | Dominic Fifield  via @guardian_sport False
Fearless Florida diver pulls metal hook from shark's belly while swimming in the Atlantic False
Pence on 'Trumpcare': 'Congress just wasn't ready' False
This middle school has adopted gender-neutral uniforms True
MORGAN STANLEY: Tesla's Model 3 may be 10x safer than any car on the road today False
Here are the top #bollywood #gossips you cannot miss!!! True
Venezuela asks UN for help as medicine shortages grow severe False
This is getting good.

Everything you need to know about the #Elite8 True
How big a cash buffer do you need? True
One Nation, Under Fox: 18 Hours With a Network That Shapes America False
Italy sex case dropped because woman 'did not scream' True
#AhsaanQureshi lashes out at #SunilGrover and how! #KapilSharma False
I'm a schmuck, 'distracted' Harrison Ford told tower after plane blunder False
A Muslim group raised $25,000 for victims of the London attack in 48 hours False
The best photos from the NCAA Tournament so far True
Swiss assisted suicide clinic reveals harrowing VR death simulator False
WHY, GOD??? 😭😠🔌🛀 True
.@Tip drops "Do My Thing" feat. DJ Whoo Kid &amp; DJ MLK (premiere) False
Breitbart blames the Republican health-care failure on Paul Ryan, not President Trump False
Police release new photo of London attack suspect. False
Facebook reaction GIFs could soon finally be a thing False
21 secrets mail carriers wish they could tell you True
Astonishing transformation of woman after she won TV contest to have free plastic surgery False
Phase a full-time job into part-time, then retirement False
People on Twitter are mocking Trump for pretending to drive a big rig truck False
Wallet allegedly stolen returned 8 years later with $141, cards still inside  via @GMA False
5 survival myths that could get you killed. True
'Hero' street dogs in India help catch criminal False
Dinnertime might actually be enjoyable after the FCC cracks down on robocalls False
Should "Fearless Girl" be left up to stare down the Wall Street bull forever? False
Europe REJECTS Britain's laptop flight ban False
WikiLeaks dump says CIA went after Apple products False
The 69 new emojis coming to your phone this year True
An exasperated Samantha Bee thinks Trump's proposed budget shows he has 'no f*cking clue.' False
Trump administration lawyers ask court to move quickly on revised travel ban appeal. False
How Republicans have revised their plan to repeal and replace Obamacare False
Symbolic strength True
The @WSJ took a major shot at Donald Trump True
Initial jobless claims rise to 258K (240K expected) False
Japan school: Donation row grows for PM Shinzo Abe False
Indeed. True
Ex-teacher researched teen marriage before disappearing, investigators say False
Government blocks entry to more than 500 Syrian and Iraqi #refugees  (Pic: Reuters) False
Thrillist staff votes to unionize False
Life comes full circle as Philip Rivers and Drew Brees watch their sons play flag football False
Turnabout. True
Catch #WDYM live on @Twitter every weekday at 4 p.m. EST. WATCH False
Gronk got into the WWE-spirit at SmackDown and put his boy in a headlock

🎥: False
Here’s what we know about the Parliament attack: False
Daughters of man taken by ICE in viral video speak about life without dad False
"The bot scandal puts further pressure on Dorsey to step down as Twitter’s CEO." False
Westminster 'terrorist attack': Theresa May is back at No. 10 and 'monitoring the situation' False
Government's #childcare rebate closer as senate passes smaller package of savings to fund reforms False
Inside the global web of partners cashing in on the president:  #ForbesBillionaires False
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day True
The US military has begun a formal investigation into an airstrike near a mosque in Syria False
Cops say Florida son killed his mom with baseball bat, knife on her birthday False
Health care experts doubt changes to Republican health care bill will lead to more coverage. False
Bumble bee species finally lands on endangered species list after Trump administration delay False
What's more important: who writes a story on #socialmedia, or who shares it? False
We’ve highlighted the 7 big changes Republicans have made to their healthcare plan True
Wyclef Jean handcuffed after being mistaken for robbery suspect False
When ur still on the denial phase True
The faces of defeat from #MarchMadness  via @YahooSports False
Eighty of New York's wealthiest residents are asking the state to raise their taxes. False
People are painting their faces green to show solidarity with this critic of Putin False
Up to 50 teens could face sex offenders register after receiving video of alleged rape False
World’s billionaire ranks fell in 2016, as did their combined wealth False
These are the world's happiest countries  #InternationalDayOfHappiness False
World's heaviest woman is suffering from #heart failure and frequent epileptic fits! True
First daughter Ivanka Trump gets West Wing office  via @foxnewspolitics False
Pres. Trump avoids mentioning Russia inquiry at Monday night rally in Kentucky. False
TSA, DHS will bar laptops, other devices on some overseas flights False
.@TreySongz announces dates for Tremaine The Tour False
We have a record number of global billionaires in 2017. But why don't we have more? False
The FBI is investigating Russia's meddling in U.S. election and its links with Trump's campaign, FBI director said False
45 joyous things that will make you instantly happy #InternationalDayOfHappiness True
It's #InternationalDayOfHappiness and here are seven ways to turn that frown upside down False
Stephen Hawking fears he may not be welcome in Trump’s US – video False
Thousands of Buddhists get their tattoos redrawn by monks at sacred spiritual festival False
The latest list of countries ranked by happiness has just been released. False
Investors should focus on what the G-20 didn’t say about trade — Heard on the Street False
Meetup leaps into the Trump resistance movement False
#ICYMI: Boy's petition prompts cuts to NSW hospital parking fees False
Former #HarryPotter child star Rupert Grint goes gangster in new series  #SnatchTV False
Jim Gaffigan on winter: "Like death, taxes and kale, it may never go away" False
Cate Blanchett shares her secrets on having and keeping great skin True
Ben Roethlisberger "leaning towards” playing in 2017 False
Web-based counseling reduces blood pressure, according to a new study False
Lonzo Ball headlines the list of Naismith Trophy finalists False
Eric Trump blasts 'maddening' stories of Trump-Russia business ties False
This man created his own sex doll and it’s as weird as you think True
Cannabis users are 'four times more likely to suffer a heart attack' True
31 photos that’ll make every nurse laugh out loud True
Chuck Berry, one of music's all-time greats, dead at 90 False
Woman seriously assaulted and forced into car, sparking Darwin police chase False
These 'fatty foods' will keep you #fit and #healthy. #Fitness #goodmorning True
“Everybody’s calling their agent. Nobody is safe.” True
A wrongfully convicted man has been released after 32 years in a Los Angeles prison False
A look back at Chuck Berry's career False
.@Drake returns as the special guest on episode 39 of #OVOSoundRadio. Tune in. False
Trump voter shocked to find that her Meals on Wheels could be cut False
There’s a store making donuts based off of ’90s snacks, because heaven is real True
Staring April 15th, Saturday Night Live (@nbcsnl) will finally be live in all time zones. False
Video shows heated exchange between Lil Yachty and confrontational fan. False
Kids caught copying will be banned for 3 years! #Boards #ssc #hsc False
David Tennant: "I don’t think of myself as a seducer…" #premium False
The first round is in the books…

Winners and losers from Day 2 of Round of 64 False
Syria conflict: Rebels begin evacuating Homs enclave of al-Wair False
Desperation. True
Buzz Aldrin launches VR plan to get humans to Mars False
"Wire tapping" and 11 other words and phrases Trump has tweeted in quotes True
Le salon de Clarkey False
Vote for your favorite collab from @Pitbull's new album "Climate Change" False
"The president, because of the judiciary, will have totally lost constitutional authority to defend the country" True
Charles Manson prison recordings become limited-edition vinyl release False
Man tries to smuggle 4 people across the US-Mexico border in the trunk of his car False
Birdman responds to Rick Ross diss: "I don't get caught up in hoe sh*t" False
Remember that time a (young) Conor McGregor got choked out? 

🎥: False
£120,000: That's how much a good night's sleep is worth #WorldSleepDay True
This Dessert Quiz Will Reveal How Many Grandchildren You’ll Have True
Britain’s surveillance agency slaps down claim it was involved in Trump "wiretap" False
7 facts that’ll make you a more interesting person to talk to this weekend True
Northwestern went from 0-for-77 to 1-0.

Yeah, they're enjoying it. False
Woman who halted racial abuse on subway: I promised myself I would False
'Legal innovation' is not an oxymoron -- It's farther along than you think False
BBC dad's 4-year-old daughter continues to charm the planet False
Sheriff and fiancee scared friends and family with wedding invites False
No #Anzac Day ceremony at Long Tan this year, Government confirms False
Trump’s "America First"  budget will likely face major changes in Congress by @EDeMarche False
Cleveland bar customers fight back during armed robbery   via @travfed #FOXNewsUS False
This lamp transforms any surface into an interactive AR panel  via @NBCNewsMACH False
Vikings confirm AP will not return to Minnesota False
The secret to a happy marriage? Two master bedrooms True
Here's what President Trump's budget proposes to cut False
"This ruling makes us look weak. We're going to take our case as far as it needs to go," said President Trump. False
North Korea says recent Malaysia 'incident' was a political scheme by the US and South Korea False
This New Zealand river now has the same legal rights as a human being False
Captain #AmarinderSingh's Wax Statue Unveiled In #Ludhiana As He Gets Sworn-In As #Punjab CM False
ON @GMA: Hawaii judge temporarily blocks President Trump's revised travel ban: False
Trump budget would eliminate funding for Chesapeake Bay cleanup False
How to survive a nuclear war the British way False
China’s central bank raises some key short-term interest rates False
Man accused of making threats against Jewish centers is indicted in New York: False
If seeing the Great Barrier Reef was on your bucket list, it may be too late True
Pro wrestler comes out as bisexual after goofy video with boyfriend hits the web False
18 kids shows that had some seriously fucked-up moments True
Limits put in place to stop tourists ruining Angkor sunsets False
Trump to meet with Flint mayor to discuss water crisis False
RuPaul married his rancher boyfriend and all we can say is YEEHAW. False
Doctors missed 11 chances to treat boy, nine, before he died of asthma, coroner hears False
Trump's devastating new travel ban is built on a harmful myth | David Miliband False
Woman’s headphones explode during flight from China to Australia False
ON @GMA: Massive winter storm slams Northeast with snow and wind after inland shift: False
10 things you need to know before the opening bell True
Family in hilarious BBC interview speak out about viral experience @KellyCobiella reports for @NBCNightlyNews False
.@NKOTB are back for "One More Night" in new video (exclusive premiere) False
Some Trump allies sound alarm over Paul Ryan’s health-care bill, calling it “a trap” False
This is what happens when the government tries to grow weed. (Hint: It ain’t good.) True
Kirk Cousins says his trade "demand" got lost in translation False
Neat! True
Dodgers. Tigers. Yanks. Cubs. Giants. Royals.

These teams need to make roster decisions fast, says @Buster_ESPN. False
Love letters on the ceiling? A lost movie theater? Grand Central Terminal has these secrets True
Glenn Beck wants to heal the America he divided — one hug at a time False
Saudi officials mocked online for launching girls' council WITHOUT ANY GIRLS True
A second #Hamilton national tour will bow in February 2018 False
Girl Guides of Canada has banned travel to the U.S. False
How to save $100 a month  via @YahooFinance True
Watch Travis Scott's new short film 'Birds in the Trap.' False
Find out how prepared you are and get tips for improving your financial footing True
CBO says GOP health bill to leave 24 million more uninsured, reduce deficits by $337 billion in coming decade False
Ezekiel Elliott exposes woman's breast at St. Patrick's Day party (NSFW) False
"Can you tell me with a straight face that a forty-man tactical assault team... wouldn’t take that place down?" False
Northern Irish police raid women's homes in crackdown on abortion False
MSNBC has beaten CNN in total weekday prime-time viewers for 6 of the last 7 months False
These astronomers found a planetary system and named it after beer 🍻 True
German store sells 'Save a dog, eat a Chinese' tshirt, so of course people are mad False
'Beauty and the Beast' cost $300 million to make False
Four Players to Watch in the N.C.A.A. Tournament False
This corgi went to a museum for his third birthday and he looked very happy True
Two decades later, source of 'Phoenix Lights' remains a mystery  #FOXNewsUS via @FOX10Phoenix False
Cop who fatally shot retiree during role-play scenario is fired: False
Jeremy Corbyn says a second Scottish independence referendum would be 'absolutely fine' False
Al Qaeda-linked group claims responsibility for #Syrian suicide attack (Pic: AP) False
Twitter gave Will Smith all the jokes after his 'Fresh Prince of Bel-Air' bungee jump: False
Syrian Al-Qaeda affiliate claims twin bombing in Damascus False
Iceland to end capital controls from 2008 financial crisis False
President Trump has suddenly turned "press shy," says @brianstelter on @ReliableSources False
Mexico OKs Trump trademarks for hotels and tourism industry False
Severe morning sickness can leave women literally starving False
Plot to hit German shopping centre with multiple suicide bombers is foiled False
Here's a guide to who's who in next week's Dutch election False
Harvard Law School is making a major change to its admissions policy True
U.S. adults 18-24:

87% use Facebook
53% use Instagram
37% use Twitter
34% use Pinterest False
Indigenous artists share Christian faith through painting False
5 things we hope to see from Lorde's "Saturday Night Live" appearance True
More SHOTS FIRED here: True
.@SecretService on intruder. False
DL Andre Branch, Dolphins reach three-year, $24M extension, per @RapSheet False
Five steps you need to take to stop the CIA hacking you True
North Korea could have missile capable of striking US in 'the next few years' False
In Reversal, Boston St. Patrick’s Day Parade Welcomes Gay Veterans Group False
Florida judge denies 'stand your ground' defense in shooting False
Currently on repeat on blonded RADIO 

"Chanel" by Frank Ocean: False
Congress warns Donald Trump: Stop deleting your tweets False
Watch the first trailer for the new (non-Disney) live-action #LittleMermaid film False
Giant 3,000-year-old statue of Pharaoh Ramses II is found buried in a Cairo slum False
JUST IN: Attorney General Jeff Sessions has asked for the resignation of 46 US attorneys False
Ciara reportedly involved in car crash in L.A. False
America's biggest heroin supplier is now just south of the border False
Son of motor neurone disease sufferer escapes prosecution after helping him commit suicide False
Yemen is a complicated and unwinnable war. Donald Trump should stay out of it False
The best thing about #BadrinathKiDulhania is its script
@aliaa08 @Varun_dvn False
GOP congressman says the poor ‘just don’t want health care’ False
That was some Day One of NFL free agency.

All the winners and losers: False
Jimmy Garoppolo's Instagram account posted a goodbye to Boston, but many feel it is a hoax False
South China Sea dispute sees sea cucumber fishermen 'forced into Australian waters' False
Two men shot dead two people and seriously injured a third on Thursday at a cafe in #Basel, north-west #Switzerland False
Investor lending has accelerated to its fastest growth since bank regulator imposed tough restrictions  #property False
Watch Mike Will Made-It, 21 Savage, YG &amp; Migos floss in #GucciOnMy video False
3 steps to picking the right credit card for you: False
Jury selection underway for alleged Pennsylvania cop killer Eric Frein False
Democrats rev up health care offensive as bill clears committees False
DJ Kool Herc reveals what Biggie told him on the first day they met True
Maxine Waters: 'Sex Actions' Allegations in Trump Dossier Are 'Absolutely True' False
Democrats Slam @EPA's @EPAScottPruitt for Carbon Dioxide Remarks False
Rare photo of Harriet Tubman might return to her home thanks to the internet False
The holy grail of leaks remains elusive: President Trump’s tax returns False
Can You Beat This Infuriating A To Z Geography Quiz? True
If you think Lonzo Ball's shot is ugly, think again #BRmag False
This crazy, expensive stock market is for speculators, not investors: Streetwise True
WhatsApp is letting a handful of startups test its business chat tools False
WikiLeaks is about to publish a huge set of cyber weapons for anyone to use False
This is how much caffeine is in your favorite drinks True
Not a single one of these countries allows religious pluralism under a secular government. True
ISIS suspected as twin suicide bombing at wedding kills at least 26 near Baghdad False
Short men are more likely to lose their hair False
Saudi Arabia is handing Asian customers sweet treats while limiting sour supplies False
This mustachioed pup just joined a Franciscan monastery False
Number of undocumented immigrants caught along the southwest U.S. border fell significantly last month False
Why Disney is risking $300 million on #BeautyandtheBeast  via @YahooMovies True
Trump lauds 298K jobs added in February, but economists are cautious   via @brookefoxnews False
Jumped the gun there, eh, fella? True
"Call Elmo!" Elmo is super desperate to meet Adele and he's telling anyone who'll listen False
The new #TwinPeaks viral campaign may offer some clues to the new season False
Why Theaster Gates took an ax to his own painting at the NGA True
17 limited-edition beauty products you need to buy ASAP True
Tebow strikes out in first spring training at-bat with Mets  

🎥: False
This teen’s roommate opens his bread by tearing in the middle and people are screaming True
Venus Williams, a winner in the courts and in the boardrooms False
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day False
Watch this little one take care of her grandmother after her dad was jailed &amp; her mother was remarried. #WomensDay True
#HarryPotter star Rupert Grint constantly gets confused for Ed Sheeran False
Fancy a visit to Pompeii? Women get in free to Italian museums and cultural sites on #InternationalWomensDay False
Modest dressing is a global cultural movement on the rise  via @CNNStyle False
#ICYMI: Five reasons life is hard for women in 2017 (and what you can do to improve it) #IWD2017 True
Can Trump build a Mideast peace amid a blaze of settlements? False
What Republicans will keep, change or discard with the Affordable Care Act False
These are the 5 books @BillGates thinks you should read this summer False
Judge refuses to stop construction of Dakota Access pipeline False
Lily Collins writes an open letter to dad Phil Collins: ‘I forgive the mistakes you made’ False
Stranded Afghans queue to leave Pakistan False
Rihanna's third Fenty Puma collection is her strongest yet False
These are the happiest and healthiest cities in America True
Top Republican advises Americans to spend on healthcare 'instead of getting that new iPhone that they just love' False
George Michael died of natural causes False
North Korea says it was practicing to hit U.S. military bases in Japan with missiles False
Homeland's @PatinkinMandy dismisses anti-refugee fervor as "false fear" False
We managed tax transparency in Pakistan. Why not everywhere else? | Umar Cheema False
Is that really Ewan McGregor in the new 'Fargo' trailer? False
RIP Ric Marlow, who co-wrote the 1960s pop song "A Taste of Honey" False
Brutal meme takes on the GOP's sad Obamacare replacement False
From NPOY to FOTY 🏀

B/R hands out the 2016-17 college basketball awards False
GM laying off 1,100 workers after eliminating shift at Michigan plant False
Picking the wrong book could lead to awkward conversations and accusations of bad taste: False
There was a big difference in the way Trump signed his new travel ban False
The most popular Android apps of all time will shock you (lol, not really) True
Vevo is now funding videos, starting with Drake-approved @JorjaSmith False
Perspective: I’ve worn ash on my head on ESPN for 16 years. This year was different. True
Trans women are not 'real women', say Jenni Murray False
"Personal data of individuals held by #UIDAI is fully safe and secure." False
How did this 28-year-old build a net worth of $2.25 million? Learn from her strategies: True
FBI director asked DOJ to refute Pres. Trump's wiretapping claims, sources say. False
As #Womadelaide turns 25, what counts as 'world #music'?  @RadioNational True
Australian principles under attack with penalty rate cut, writes @IanVerrender  #auspol #ausbiz False
Emma Watson is very confused about the backlash to her "Vanity Fair" shoot False
Men 'bullied' out of generous divorce settlements by breadwinning wives False
Philip Green: Arcadia will double pension fund contributions False
People are trolling CNN for not including any women in their "future of media" cover story False
#Rajinikanth's daughter is all set to give a Bharatanatyam performance at the #UN on International Women's Day. False
This is why the Censor Board denied a certificate to #lipstickundermyburkha! True
End humiliating restraint of mentally ill people, say charities False
Antonio Conte’s big regret about leaving Italy for Chelsea is not doing it sooner  via @guardian_sport False
This 3-Year-Old Kid Has His Own Roller Coaster in His Backyard! True
After-care proves to be a challenge for an 8-year-old on meds True
Hype vs. reality when it comes to AI: Venture capitalists weigh in at #WSJCIO  via @ciojournal False
Emily Blunt's first photo as magical nanny in #MaryPoppinsReturns is here False
NFL prospect missed out on winning an island because he wore Nike instead of adidas. True
Is the #church's culture of shame increasing #abortions? True
Captains picking starters? A four-point shot?

Adam Silver isn't thrilled with All-Star Game, vows to shake it up: False
Hugh Jackman makes his final stand as #Logan. Here's what to expect: True
Pres. Trump confidant Roger Stone calls the FBI's Russia investigation a "witch hunt" False
Rape Accused Minister #Gayatri is planning to flee from India! :o False
Lorde's #GreenLight video director says clip feels "timeless to me" False
China eases foot off gas on military spending False
Cox BusinessVoice: 5 considerations before ordering WiFi for your business True
NBA All-Stars get the “Full House” treatment courtesy of Reddit user ‘DeerOnTheRocks'

🎥: False
Day 1, done.

A look at all the numbers from the first day of drills at the NFL combine False
What ‘La La Land’ and ‘Fifty Shades Darker’ get wrong about love True
Barbie's surprising comeback has everything to do with race False
Trump administration plans expanded immigrant detention False
Sessions’s recusal does little to quell partisan fervor over Russia False
Paris Jackson, the 18-year-old daughter of Michael Jackson will model for IMG False
Joel Embiid says he’ll come back soon from “Meniscus” 😂 False
Late-night roundup: Trump's team 'like one of those Russian nesting dolls' False
Facebook is incredibly vulnerable to fake advertisements False
Raymond Kopa: Real Madrid and France legend dies at 85 False
Baby quokka sighting in fire-hit area of Western Australia gives hope to conservationists. False
China is opening its financial markets more than ever, but the expected gusher of funds hasn’t materialized False
All you need to know about Snap's IPO: True
Silicon Valley high school could make millions on Snap public offering. True
Laurie Anderson wants a "Lou Reed Listening Room" at the New York Public Library False
It's #WorldBookDay, so take a peek into the world's most exquisite libraries False
Take it from @edsheeran, don't drink and golf. False
At the start of March, the reigning World Series champs look like the team to beat False
Jimmy Butler is the new (reluctant) king of Chicago #BRmag False
The Guardian view on Philip Hammond: more honesty is needed about budget pain to come | Editorial False
Players gonna publish: Derek Jeter's once-mocked startup is a sports media powerhouse False
Pres. Trump to pitch school vouchers at Orlando Catholic school during Friday visit False
Chuckie raises the knife: True
WATCH LIVE: House Speaker Paul Ryan takes questions on AG Sessions False
Would this make them a possible target easily identifiable to potential attackers? True
That's EXACTLY what a multi-decade Putin sleeper agent would say in this situation! True
Here are 20 #Bollywood celebs who received death threats True
Facebook announces new suicide prevention tools, including crisis support and detection for users in distress False
World Book Day gives many children first chance to buy one False
Farmer kills girlfriend and has sex with her corpse because 'she wouldn't sleep with me when she was alive' False
Report: Lyft is trying to raise $500 million in its fight against Uber False
Pressed for time on #AshWednesday? There's a "drive-thru" church for that False
Fast-food industry's fast track for 457 visas to be scrapped, making young Australians the priority:  #auspol False
Seven-year-old tenpin bowler stripped of title for wearing jeans False
Tyrese reveals that he secretly got married on Valentine's Day False
Oprah wasn’t really considering running for president until now False
Judge agrees to release widow of Orlando shooter on bail until she faces trial on charges of aiding his attack. False
Fillon’s legal problems have left France's conservative voters wondering where to turn False
Swimmers could be surrounded by 50 gallons of urine, study finds False
Facebook has a new app for the Apple TV — here's what it looks like False
Morning brief: Trump sets ambitious agenda in speech to Congress False
.@CNNopinion commentators give their verdict on President Trump's speech to Congress False
19 urban legends from your childhood that are still scary as hell True
Tamil Nadu: Traders ban Pepsi, Coca-Cola to support local products False
.@POTUS: "Our allies will find that America is once again ready to lead."  #trumpaddress False
Apple ditched the iPhone's headphone jack - but its rivals haven't followed #premium False
Betsy DeVos called historically black colleges and universities “real pioneers when it comes to school choice” False
Giant 30ft wall of rubbish left as traveller slum is cleared in Paris False
Adding to bad month, Uber CEO caught on video arguing with driver about fares False
Good vino paired with awesome vapes, as explained by sommelier Michael Madrigale and Joe Dominique. #ad False
German carnival mocks Donald Trump and Theresa May with political floats False
Stars of bizarre Pink Windmill meme featuring deliriously happy kids reunite as adults for #ComicRelief False
Just a load of animals with pancakes because humans are weird False
I sat in Peugeot's Instinct concept car and it told me to relax False
.@piersmorgan opens fire on @jk_rowling 'I've never read more badly-written nonsense' False
Juliet Evancho, a transgender woman whose sister performed at Trump’s inauguration, scored a temporary legal victory False
Officials say that the Yemen SEAL raid yielded no significant intelligence False
Justice department softens on Texas voter ID law False
NYC, which spends about $400,000 a day on hotel rooms for the homeless, has plans to open 90 new shelters False
George W. Bush: Media must "call to account people who abuse their power." False
Deep thoughts with Mika Br🅱e🅱inski True
People spend 1 BILLION hours watching YouTube daily False
The day a dad ruined junior football True
2017 Academy Awards were Oscars' smallest audience since 2008: False
Cadillac tries to unite a "divided nation" with an #Oscars ad False
Young Dolph targeted in Charlotte shooting (report) False
The Oscars made a big mistake during the In Memoriam False
Trump is becoming a punch line with French politicians False
John Oliver astutely compares Republicans' Obamacare plans to your dad's a** in a thong. False
These are the best and worst states for the wealthy: False
Watch Emma Stone, Natalie Portman and more read means Tweets about themselves at the Oscars False
Boxing legend and Philippines senator Manny Pacquiao confirms "super fight" with Amir Khan False
Don't skip! She has a very important message for you. #Oscars #Oscar2017 True
Descending the Eiger the way James Bond might do it False
Jewish men attacked with hacksaw by men ‘shouting anti-Semitic abuse’ in Paris False
This Muslim teen flawlessly played basketball and people are obsessed False
RIP. True
Bijli the horse is the first in India with a #prosthetic limb False
NASA reveals new images of 'titanic' 1987a to celebrate 30th anniversary of discovery False
Meet Grady O’Cummings, the presidential candidate who died 26 years after The Times ran his obituary False
Australian Council of Social Services calls for slashing tax breaks for #property investors False
The average 2016 grad has $37,172 in student loan debt False
Is the beauty industry finally starting to recognize curvy models?  via @YahooBeauty True
Pentagon: Out with 'ISIL,' in with 'ISIS' False
Airfare to these destinations could drop in time for spring break True
Green Gas: the Allam Cycle technology promises a future of emissions-free fossil fuels False
Henry's Ford's lost city: Inside Fordlandia - the failed utopian city in Brazil False
Hollywood talent agency cancels Oscars party, holds pro-refugee rally instead False
CEO and former Googler @lizwessel breaks down the worst career advice 20-somethings get False
Moussa Dembélé scores as Celtic beat Hamilton for 21st straight win  via @guardian_sport False
More from yesterday's kerfuffle: True
Warren Buffett: 'Talented and ambitious immigrants' make the U.S. economy great False
Microbes in glittering cave revived after 10,000 years, scientists say: False
Women are washing their hair less than three times a week for the first time in a decade True
North Korea calls this its first miniaturized nuclear warhead. Analysts call it the disco ball. False
Could listening to Taylor Swift make you immoral? True
Is the need for more sleep a sign of pending dementia? False
Kourtney Kardashian has a massive photo of herself as Jesus on the cross False
Back to jail True
Disability workforce won't keep up with demand, report warns #NDIS False
GOP draft health care bill cuts Medicaid, insurance subsidies False
Rihanna receives Harvard's humanitarian award False
Fire that damaged a mosque in Tampa, Florida, was intentionally set, investigators say False
Marcus Foster's redemption at Creighton after Kansas State flameout False
Welcome to r/cringe True
They don't call him The Truth for nothing. True
Here's why it's a matter of concern for security agencies True
JCPenney plans to close as many as 140 stores in the coming months False
Reckon you're too old to get fit? These middle-aged women will make you think again True
Socialism. True
These are the weirdest things you'll find in Russia's 'patriotic theme park' True
Rate of fatal drug overdoses in the U.S. more than doubled from 1999 to 2015, CDC finds. False
Seth Troxler, Niño Arbol &amp; more to headline first-ever BLACK Experience in Mexico City False
He left the Army in 2013. Three years later, he was plotting to help ISIS, feds say. False
... True
Disney lays off about 80 from Maker Studios False
Record numbers of Romanians and Bulgarians arrive in UK after Brexit vote False
The Trudie Styler puff piece that doesn’t quite add up True
This couple did a "La La Land" engagement shoot and it’s pretty cute False
Charles Oakley to attend Knicks vs. Cavaliers in Cleveland tonight False
Ex-IMF chief Rodrigo Rato gets 4.5 years for embezzlement False
Warren Buffet could be about to buy an entire airline False
Don't ignore your bad back - it could be a warning sign you will DIE young True
#ICYMI: NASA scientists explain what's next after TRAPPIST-1 announcement False
The $206 phone case Kendall Jenner, Hailey Baldwin, and other models are obsessed with  via @YahooStyle True
Pictured: The woman suspected of murdering Kim Jong-un's brother False
Study adds to evidence that infections may cause autism False
Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling get 8-bit makeovers in funny #LaLaLand video game spoof False
Top #entertainment news from the day that was True
Larger than life True
A man's world? True
This new IG update is a GAME CHANGER, especially if you're indecisive True
Aussie couples left in legal limbo in #Cambodia, unable to bring #surrogate babies home months after their birth True
Spicer: Expect further guidance on transgender bathroom issue today, says Trump is a firm believer in states' rights False
Arrival 'sucked' and Meryl Streep performed 'like a clown' – what one #Oscars voter really thinks False
Ukraine lawmaker who met Pres. Trump's associates is facing a possible treason probe False
Muslim Americans pull together to fund the repairs of nearly 200 headstones that were damaged in Jewish cemetery False
Crude could plunge toward $30 a barrel unless OPEC extends cuts, ABN Amro says False
Watch Ed Sheeran perform "Divide" singles &amp; cover Little Mix in Live Lounge False
Pick A ’00s Outfit And We’ll Reveal Your Age And Location True
Parent company of Burger King and Tim Hortons to buy Popeyes for $1.8 billion. False
San Jose flooding: Dozens rescued by boat False
Judge blocks Texas from cutting Medicaid funding to Planned Parenthood False
Magic Johnson’s new role with the Lakers re-introduced everyone to his best (?) old tweets False
Carl Icahn has taken a stake in Bristol-Myers Squibb, thinking it would be an attractive takeover target False
This woman nailed a half-court shot and almost missed her boyfriend’s proposal True
.@1future flaunts his lavish lifestyle in "Super Trapper" video  / via @billboardhiphop False
Rogue cow running through New York City gives cops a nail-biting chase False
Roxane Gay slams publisher Simon &amp; Schuster after dropping Milo Yiannopoulos False
Texas lawmaker: 'Don't use Chile flag emoji when you mean Texas!' False
Ravaged by war, now famine hits South Sudan False
New Zealand garden gnome thefts 'fund meth trade' True
For some Mar-a-Lago neighbors, Trump's visits mean lost revenue False
74 bodies of migrants wash up on Libyan coast, Red Crescent says False
David Cassidy says he has dementia a day after appearing to fall off stage during concert False
See how much you know about the #Oscars by taking an interactive video quiz: True
Billionaire Wang's $1 billion bid for Golden Globes producer faces hurdles, sources say False
Swedes reacted with confusion, anger and ridicule on Sunday to a vague remark by President Trump False
Fifth-grader asks police for help with math homework, and this was their response True
What the first nuclear test ever conducted can teach us about how the Moon formed: True
.@EdSheeran tops the Pop Songs Chart with "Shape of You" False
Joe Piscopo considers running for governor of New Jersey. No joke. False
German supermarket known for creating viral ads has a new commercial all about losing weight True
ICYMI: DeMarcus Cousins traded to the Pelicans in exchange for 3 players and a future 1st- and 2nd-round pick. False
NHS at breaking point, according to British Medical Association False
Anthony Davis (@AntDavis23) sets new NBA All-Star Game scoring record and wins MVP award. False
On Pro Basketball: Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook, Once a Dynamic Duo, Are Now an Awkward Pairing False
Is this the electric car that's going to kill Tesla? False
Father, son killed in head-on collision with each other False
Man seen in photos now deemed "main suspect" in deaths of two Indiana girls: False
J.K. Rowling has the best response to Trump's non-existent Sweden attack False
Suicide car bomb kills at least 34 in Somali capital #Mogadishu False
Hundreds of scientists rally in Boston for #standupforscience protest  via @NBCBoston False
Bye. True
Jimmy Carter’s new solar project could power more than half of his small Georgia hometown False
A Vietnam vet fled the Oroville Dam. While he was gone, burglars stole his war medals. False
Customers are developing new habits and it's killing Applebee's and Buffalo Wild Wings False
This week's news quiz: Location, location, location True
Did Donald Trump just hold the first rally on the 2020 election campaign? (Pic: Reuters) False
"Hamilton the Protectionist" is a show Trump might really like False
Not good... True
Trump attacks 'dishonest media' while making false claims at Florida rally False
Baby brain scan may reveal autism risk False
#ICYMI: Twisted and tortured. #Carwoola residents return to burnt-out homes False
Ray Buckley drops out of DNC chair race and endorses Keith Ellison False
If you're super rich, you probably live in this region True
Runways on cliff edges and snow covered peaks: The world's most TERRIFYING places to land True
Samsung heir Jay Y. Lee arrives shacked at Korean special prosecutors office False
"What America has seen so far is an inept White House led by a celebrity apprentice."  via @nytopinion False
Brains of those with ADHD show smaller structures related to emotion, research finds False
People are sharing #DisabledAndCute photos to fight stigma False
Lawmakers say Trump’s words matter — and hurt the country’s standing abroad False
Black hole caught devouring star for an entire decade False
Arnold Schwarzenegger threw major shade at Nickelback, and they hit back True
Insurers voice concern over House GOP’s outline for health-law repeal False
MS-13. True
He cheated. Now his ex-girlfriend has some heartbreaking questions True
Twitter absolutely lit up the Warriors for their all-star photo shoot False
☔️☔️☔️ @1future's solo version of "Grammys" tho False
People can relate hard to this raccoon that got stuck on a trash truck True
"How could things get worse for Trump?" via @PostOpinions True
Man arrested by FBI after threatening 'Dylann Roof-style attack.' False
In China, a sense of betrayal after the assassination of Kim Jong Nam False
Repairs on California's Oroville Dam are continuing ahead of upcoming storm False
Russians making great efforts to get close to Pres. Trump and the people around him, U.S. intelligence officials say False
Israeli right-wing buoyed by Prime Minister Netanyahu's visit to Washington, D.C. False
Robert Harward 'turns down' Trump's national security advisor offer False
From 2011 to 2016, the number of global active corporate investors has tripled False
Viral image of Phil Jackson on a bus perfectly encapsulates the state of the Knicks False
Robert Randolph (@rrtfb) premieres "She Got Soul" False
He's counting on them to over-react, and they fall for it. Every. Time. True
Are these the worst DIY fails ever? True
They’re filming the "Love Actually" reunion already and the turtlenecks are back False
Car bomb explosion kills at least 45 people and injures at least 56 others in southwestern Baghdad False
Mike Pence ignored a lead contamination crisis in his own backyard ➡️ by @robojojo False
Why Manchester By the Sea should win the best picture Oscar True
A couple in #Germany was playing a #sexgame which ended with one of them dying True
UPDATE: Third person arrested in killing of Kim Jong Un's half-brother False
#Thai police surround controversial #Dhammakaya temple in latest stand-off False
Beloved 'Vinyl Cafe' radio show host Stuart McLean dies  #obit False
From film to video to digital - the many phases of a career in television production False
Specimen of 50-tonne whale hauled onto a huge truck as it's transported to a museum in China False
.@benshapiro: Media 'Sound Like Used Car Salesmen' About Flynn Resignation #First100 False
Fiona Apple delights with Valentine's Day-timed Frankie Valli &amp; Stevie Wonder covers False
Want to be neighbors with the Obamas, Ivanka Trump and Jeff Bezos? Here’s what it will cost you. True
The U.S. policy on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is now at odds with the positions of European and Arab allies False
Calls for 'backpacker au pair' visa and industry regulation as parents seek affordable #childcare False
.@TheChainsmokers tease upcoming "Paris" video / via @billboarddance False
Outrage over Tesco's Thailand stores introducing extra-wide 'lady parking' spaces False
Woman arrested in killing of Kim Jong Un's half-brother, Malaysian police say False
Casual reminder: there's no such thing as reverse racism True
Harrison Ford in near miss with passenger jet. False
Top news stories from today! True
#SRK charged for damaging railway property. #Raees #Bollywood False
U.S. official suggests President Trump is not tied to two-state solution False
Kim Jong Un's oldest half-brother has been murdered in Malaysia False
Friend who bought guns for San Bernardino shooter to plead guilty False
'What did @RealDonaldTrump know?' US legislators seek probe into Michael Flynn's resignation False
It seems GM has run out of reasons to hang on to Opel. False
Goldman Sachs denies bonuses for 100 investment bankers False
Omarosa Manigault reportedly said the Trump administration has 'dossiers' on journalists False
WATCH LIVE: House Speaker Paul Ryan and House GOP leaders hold news conference False
How @melindagates is making the world a better place for women False
Valentine's Day celebrations banned in Islamabad False
Steven Mnuchin has been confirmed as Treasury secretary False
Netflix cheating is an actual thing and love is dead True
Plus-size guys tried ASOS’ new plus-size line for men and totally slayed True
Analysis: MLB spring training is unnecessarily long. Blame pitchers. False
Hitler lookalike arrested in Austria False
Dominican paper apologizes after using photo of Alec Baldwin instead of Pres. Trump himself. False
Study: many Americans need more than a year to recover from $1,500 financial hit False
Drama grips Trump inner circle, as president charges ahead on agenda   via @CDerespina False
Giants reportedly release WR Victor Cruz False
This historic bull market in stocks looks more like the 1980s than the 1920s False
Germany's right wing party voted to expel lawmaker who criticized Holocaust memorial False
See how India’s biker gangs and Bollywood stars are boycotting cash to help the needy False
This Cheeto that looks like Harambe allegedly sold for almost $100,000 False
National Security Adviser Michael Flynn's job security is in jeopardy, @MajorCBS reports: False
What went so horribly wrong with Adele's Grammy performance last year? True
The full list of Grammy winners — so far False
WWII bomb defused in Greece, allowing 70,000 evacuees to head back home False
Majority of 161 People Arrested in Recent ICE Raids Have Criminal Histories False
Reds trade three-time All-Star 2B Brandon Phillips to Braves for two pitchers False
"It’s very real, very serious." True
GE's Jeff Immelt on Trump and globalization True
Alec Baldwin breaks a #SNL record False
Japanese firms raise profit forecasts amid weaker yen False
Woman burns to death in a tower block blaze as her neighbors helplessly look on in Bosnia False
19-year-old becomes youngest woman ever eligible to run for office in Georgia False
Law enforcement K-9 can't hide how much he loves his partner False
Some OKC fans will welcome back KD with these shirts...😵 False
Selena Gomez on the dark side of social media and growing up Disney False
To accept one and to hate the other would be... racist, no? True
Hundreds detained as Trump administration begins deportation raids across the U.S. False
University apologizes "with heavy hearts and great embarrassment" for Hitler Valentine’s Day card False
Gutless MPs accepting petty regulations made voters resent the EU #TelegraphLetters #premium False
Rampaging deer caught by shopper in US True
Pope Poster I: Francis finds not everyone loves him False
Sears jumps after CEO assures investors he can fix the business False
Beyonce, The Chainsmokers, Drake &amp; more top Instagram's 2017 #GRAMMYs predictions False
Here are the best (and safest) places to swim with sharks  (via @CNNTravel) True
Inspiring America: Chicago program steers young men away from violence False
Like Steph Curry, The Rock isn't too happy Under Armour's CEO praised Trump False
White House taking bipartisan heat for Ivanka-Nordstrom comments   via @foxnewspolitics False
Ninth Circuit Court to issue decision on Trump’s immigration order today False
'Russophobic' Romania a clear threat, Moscow says as it hits out at new Nato deployments False
Delete your weather app! Facebook now provides a full forecast for the entire week False
The Charles Oakley drama is just the latest example of the Knicks’ dysfunction False
The Post's View: Do your homework, Ms. DeVos False
Eva Green will play Virginia Woolf in a film about the lesbian love affair which inspired Orlando False
Google just found the one question it can't yet answer True
Chinese villager with a giant growth of fat on his neck makes desperate plea for help False
Justin Timberlake reveals why he quit NSync True
Keep paying those premiums, America! True
Jack Nicholson takes first proper role since The Departed and it's a humdinger False
For 700 miles along the U.S.-Mexico border, there is already a wall. We visited both sides. False
John Oliver is preparing to take on President Trump, but he isn’t exactly excited about it False
Kevin Durant knows his return to OKC is not going to be the friendliest welcome. False
Steelers: Sign Le'Veon Bell 
Raiders: Sign Derek Carr 
The other 30 teams: False
Volkswagen will spend $2 billion to promote electric cars following the emissions scandal False
7 electric scooters that will change the way you commute True
Pope denounces Donald Trump, saying "build bridges" not walls False
Peace in Cyprus is possible. We Cypriots just have to decide to want it | Fadıl Ersözer False
2/3 of millennials attribute declining work performance to anxiety False
China's reserves approach breaking point as another devaluation looms  via @BV False
.@SenSanders to @TedCruz: Is every American entitled to healthcare, as a right? #CNNDebateNight False
Damn. Waka Flocka just questioned Gucci Mane's street cred True
Adele is the highest-paid Grammy nominee, earning $80.5 million in 2016 False
US Justice Department brief argues it was a "lawful exercise of the president's authority" and not a ban on Muslims False
A judge in Idaho ordered a rapist to remain celibate until marriage False
Farmer spends 16 years studying law by himself so he can sue chemical firm for 'polluting his land' False
WATCH LIVE: Senate to vote on Betsy DeVos, Pres. Trump's pick for education secretary False
Send Trump a book for Valentine's Day, even though he won't read it False
Literally just 17 really, really good ideas True
Lady Gaga's #Joanne album set for #SuperBowl-fueled rise on the Billboard 200 Chart False
Black hole and distant sun locked in slow-motion dance of death False
Pregnant "Grey's Anatomy" star has big, feminist dreams for her daughter False
.@POTUS: This isn't just a knock on [@BarackObama]. We've been going down the wrong path for many years beyond him. False
People can’t stop laughing at the people in the background of this Alyssa Milano picture False
L*rd knows their government won't defend them. True
Trump's 5-year-old granddaughter sings in Chinese, charms Internet  via @YahooBeauty False
Super Bowl LI reminded a ton of people of Trump’s victory on Election Night False
Designers create Ikea instructions for Trump's $25 billion border wall False
Donald Trump has lowest approval rating of any President in US history False
Posters critical of Pope Francis appear around Rome False
The internet is roasting the Falcons for blowing a 28-3 lead in the #SuperBowl. False
Is Macy's about to become Canadian? False
The 5 worst #SuperBowl halftime performers ever  via @YahooMusic True
The best podcasts for improving yourself False
No bets placed on the Super Bowl? Fear not — we have a printable prop bet scorecard that's perfect for your party: True
Joe Scarborough: Trump’s reckless shot at a federal judge  via @PostOpinions False
Oh? True
Paul Pierce takes in Boston one more time before final game vs. Celtics False
.@MichaelWolffNYC on covering Donald Trump: "Every situation seems to be providing an overreaction" False
President Trump's Department of Justice lays out a travel ban defense False
When u have dumb opinions cuz someone else spoon fed them to u True
Looking for a practical car? These are the best ones to get in 2017 True
Prince Harry tries the old 'shoulder tap' prank on a schoolboy - and fails spectacularly True
Meet the man who has put a thousand souls to #RIP! True
Russian tech exec sues @Buzzfeed for claiming his company was behind DNC leadership hack False
Eating a Mediterranean diet could diminish the brain shrinkage that comes with aging False
.@beaconband sets the mood with contemplative dance jams at #BillboardLounge False
New paintings by one of the world's highest-paid living artists True
Vice President Pence says Gorsuch would be a worthy successor to Scalia False
According to his attorney, Nicki Minaj's brother will fight his rape charges. False
Donald Trump condemns 'Islamic' Louvre attack but remains silent on Quebec mosque massacre False
7 apps to help you get the most out of Super Bowl Sunday True
Charlie Bones: ‘Sometimes there’s no saving people from their iPhones’ False
Meek Mill laughs off rumors linking him to Nicki Minaj’s recent robbery. False
.@akshaykumar and @RanveerOfficial sing Hookah Bar False
ICYMI: Federal judge issues ruling temporarily halting Trump’s travel ban False
Please choose Ellison. True
Discarded ISIS receipts offer glimpse into former life in Mosul False
A top partner at $20 billion investment firm Tiger Global is leaving False
Israel can't avoid the settlement talk anymore. Will Netanyahu lead it?  via @BV False
Paging John Hammond! Ancient tissue found in 195 million-year-old dinosaur rib False
Can't sleep? Insomniacs should try this solution, say scientists True
Atlanta police admit their Beyonce pregnancy tweet backfired False
An on-the-ground look at the deadly surge of violence in eastern Ukraine True
That's quite a boast! True
Red Hot Chili Peppers' Chad Smith plays hometown show False
Judge denies lighter security for 'El Chapo.' "I think we all know the reasons for that." False
C of E college apologises for students' attempt to 'queer evening prayer' False
Eight Afghan policemen from one family killed by colleague False
Lil Wayne passes Drake for most #Hot100 hits among soloists False
House votes to scrap rule meant to keep guns from severely mentally ill False
Norway institutions 'targeted by Russia-linked hackers' False
Nasa engineers take a selfie with strange object that alien hunters were convinced was a UFO False
Immigrants' victory in a "Dreamers" lawsuit may backfire under Trump, judge says False
New Yorker and Vanity Fair Pull Out of Correspondents Dinner Parties False
#ICYMI: #Senate recount after High Court rules #Culleton's election #invalid False
Campaign launches to get more Muslims active in politics  via @NBCAsianAmerica False
Tech companies escalate their opposition to Trump's travel ban as ads are pulled from Breitbart News False
Migrant crisis: EU summit seeks action-plan with Libya False
Yemeni bodega owners say they’re shutting down to take a stand False
The Bucks have traded Miles Plumlee to the Hornets for Spencer Hawes and Roy Hibbert. False
Now THIS is how you ｌｉｔｅｒａｌｌｙ  ｈｉｔｌｅｒ True
A pastor wrote a book about being a better man. Weeks later, he was caught naked, in an affair. True
Undocumented students fear fate under Pres. Trump; "My life is made here" False
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny wins European human rights payout False
Sara Bareilles calls Congress in video: "Make your voice known" False
Former NFL commissioner Paul Tagliabue apologizes for 1994 comments regarding concussions: False
New space pics show off the greatest kitten toe beans in all the universe True
The @WhiteHouse says it is officially putting #Iran on notice following a ballistic missile test over the weekend False
Supreme Court pick Neil Gorsuch tours the Capitol as Democrats count votes False
Apple contemplating legal action over Trump's immigration ban: False
17 teachers who are so extra it’ll make you smile True
France's Fillon under pressure to end presidential bid False
Most patient cat suffers through curious dog's sniff-down False
It's February! Here's a list of everything joining Netflix this month True
Famous Latinos on what immigration means to them False
#China's #economy shows signs of stabilising as #manufacturing activity expands False
Pentagon report finds U.S. did not distort progress against ISIS, two U.S. officials say: False
'Merica. True
Watch President Trump announce his Supreme Court nominee live False
Kanye West to unveil Yeezy Season 5 at New York Fashion Week False
This song naming all 270 London underground stations is pretty epic True
.@Drake won't be at the #Grammys False
Pres. Trump replaces heads of Justice Department, Customs Enforcement in wake of controversy over immigration order. False
Thanks for reading! 👋 True
Amid the political battle going on, Obamacare open enrollment ends Tuesday for 2017 coverage False
Migos are "ready" to perform at #SuperBowl if petition pans out False
How the government strives to tell if a refugee applicant is lying about being a Christian: False
Sahar Rezazadeh: "As an Iranian Briton, Theresa May's support for Trump makes me ask who will stand up for me" False
Kit Kat sushi is all of our cravings wrapped into one, for better or worse False
Startups: How to make the most of a strategic investment False
Looking to work from 🏠? These 20 companies let you do it True
Scientists issue dire warning about Cape Cod shark attacks False
The woman who was allowed to vote seven years before it became legal because officials mistook her for a man False
19 things you missed at the 2017 SAG awards True
Protests continue to take place across the U.S. following Trump's travel ban False
British dual citizens will now be allowed to travel to the US after Boris Johnson lobbied the president False
Trump elevates controversial aide to new role True
.@realDonaldTrump clarifies this is not a #MuslimBan. Then what is it? False
Multiple dead, 2 arrested in Quebec City mosque shooting. False
Opening Ceremony presented a protest-inspired ballet this weekend. False
Leading Republican senators criticize Trump’s refugee and travel ban — 48 hours later False
Bakari Sellers on Pres. Trump's executive order: It is the "antithesis of Christianity" False
Donald Trump's company is receiving direct payments from foreign agents right now False
American car buyers could pay the price for a Mexico tariff False
President Trump's administration says green card holders will be allowed into the country False
Actress Yara Shahidi shared a beautiful post about being Iranian and black False
5 successful people who don't read books True
The Terra Nova expedition: An ambitious and ill-fated attempt to reach the South Pole False
What will Europe do after Trump's travel ban? True
Texas mosque destroyed in early-morning blaze; cause unknown False
Silicon valley is united against @realDonaldTrump's #MuslimBan False
White House defends Trump Holocaust statement that didn't mention Jews False
Protests against Trump's immigration order erupted across the US — here's what they are like False
US judge temporarily halts visa detentions False
They were hoping to get to the US -- and then Trump banned them True
Here are some of the most powerful images from airport protests across the US True
Opinion: Ernesto Zedillo: Mexico can thrive without Trump via @PostOpinions True
What immigrants need to know about Trump's order True
White Bengal tiger escapes from the circus and roams the streets of a small Italian town False
Experts say President Trump team’s falsehoods are classic "gaslighting" False
A gorgeous 1890 postcard tour of the Alpine land of Tyrol False
This collective act of make-believe is devastating our environment and our budgets #Premium False
Cancer sufferers in Britain are losing out on access to drugs, amid price hikes of more than 1,000% False
Poor North Korean workers including children are forced to shovel snow off the roads False
Skier accidentally flies off a 152-foot cliff, but walks away without injury True
Quote of the day: False
UN agencies urge @realDonaldTrump to allow 'vital' refugee entry  (Pic: Reuters) False
Your guide to building a startup in a day: True
Senior Republicans 'privately questioning Donald Trump's stability' False
Famed 'Mary Tyler Moore Show' home for sale False
John Hurt had two roles that remain deeply embedded in pop culture: "Alien" and "Spaceballs” False
Canada beckons international students with a path to citizenship False
Vladimir Putin joins in sing-a-long with students at Moscow State University False
Buoyed by "new enthusiasm," March for Life attendees express hope for Trump presidency: False
Trump targets Muslims, refugees in new executive order issued on Holocaust Remembrance Day False
Man attacked Muslim airline worker, said Trump "will get rid of all of you," prosecutor says False
Fact Check: Did #Treasury Nominee's Bank Foreclose on a 90-Year-Old Widow? True
A Twitter bot for handclap emoji tweets had to shut down because it became racist False
16 signs you've 'made it' in America True
No way! He delivers Important Takes that will surely turn the average American against nationalism and populism: True
#ICYMI: Student denied toilet break, forced to urinate in bucket awarded $1.6 million payout in California court False
U.N. official accuses Syria of blocking aid deliveries during cease-fire False
.@TurnbullMalcolm calls for more bollards to be installed in #Melbourne to prevent repeat of #BourkeStreet attack False
Was Donald Trump's official @POTUS account registered with a Gmail address? False
Read early reviews for "T2 Trainspotting," a sequel to the film that gave a glimpse of Edinburgh’s seedy underbelly False
The 20 best tech jobs in America right now True
10 ridiculous ESPN trade machine-approved deals to get Carmelo Anthony out of New York False
30% of kids in the United States have two or more sugary drinks a day, a new study says False
Dick Van Dyke pays tribute to TV wife Mary Tyler Moore following her death  via @TODAYshow False
Can prefab homes solve UK's housing crisis? False
Serena Williams advances to Australian Open final to set up showdown with sister Venus False
Breeze transforms a thinly seeded field into a rippling upland river False
Dick Van Dyke on Mary Tyler Moore: "There are no words. She was THE BEST!" False
For those thinking otherwise, all's well between #Raees @iamsrk and #Kaabil @iHrithik True
Congress moves ahead with Russian election-hacking probes  via @YahooNews False
The popularity of infrared saunas is heating up, but do they work? False
This Is What Abortion Cultists Actually Believe True
Economist: Stock Market Gained $2T in Wealth Since Trump Elected False
.@JudgeJeanine on Potential Voter Fraud: 'Dead People Vote All the Time' False
Why failure is so important in science and entrepreneurship:  #ForbesPodcasts False
Mattis will visit Japan and South Korea on his first overseas trip as secretary of defense False
Conjoined twins separated after 21-hour operation False
🚨 ANDREW WIGGINS FTW 🚨

🎥 False
I went to Shia LaBeouf’s "He Will Not Divide Us" art installment and it was honestly a blast False
Chrisette Michele tries to rationalize Trump inauguration gig again on #TheBreakfastClub. False
Textron buys snowmobile maker Arctic Cat for $247M False
MLB tries to keep young Dominicans from dying behind the wheel. It’s not working. False
UN condemns Israel's West Bank settlement plans False
After deadly Italian avalanche, a glint of "hope" — 3 puppies rescued from the rubble False
#Israel plans 2,500 new settlement homes in occupied #WestBank (Photo: AP) False
Wynonna speaks out about sister Ashley Judd's anti-Trump rant  via @Fox411 False
Steph Curry and LeBron James top jersey sales, with many other familiar faces in the top 10 False
Philippines taxi driver rewarded for returning valuables False
Massachusetts mattress conceals $20m in cash False
Shocked villagers capture monstrous snake that gorged on TWO of their goats True
New women-only salon caters to hijab-wearing clients  via @YahooBeauty False
Corporate executives who attended a meeting with Trump told to return with policy recommendations False
21 pure, wholesome tweets that will help you through the dark winter True
Azealia Banks takes aim at #WomensMarch protesters False
California governor declares state of emergency for 50 counties drenched by recent storms. False
What’s in and what’s out for retirees in 2017  via @YahooFinance True
Which Celebrity Couple Are Your Parents? True
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer: "Our intention is never to lie to you." False
Shia LaBeouf gets in fight with troll on day 3 of his 4-year art project False
Why women marched against a Conservative MP as well as Donald Trump True
Dairy farmers launch powdery protest False
Mexico vows to protect migrants, national interest in talks with Trump administration False
All eyes are on Marco Rubio as the Senate panel prepares for vote on Rex Tillerson False
"Three against one, ha ha ha," was one of the comments on the #Live feed.
#Disgusting True
Man, 21, used a hacksaw to try to cut his penis free from a water bottle False
"It's the most expensive thing we've ever bought," SNL's Vladimir Putin character said of Donald Trump's America False
Which executive orders did Trump sign on Day One? False
Deadly storms claim lives in Georgia False
States with the largest obesity problems True
Arts community &amp; worldwide crowds unite for #WomensMarch: "The President is not America" False
TOLERANCE. True
This Is What Coastal Elites Actually Believe True
JUST IN: At least a dozen dead and 23 injured after severe storms tear through Georgia False
Watch the glaring absence of Alec Baldwin in #SNL post-inauguration opening False
Like, comment, obsess. True
Train in Southern India Derails, Killing Scores False
.@Springsteen talks #DonaldTrump and touring on the eve of his Australian jaunt  #BrucePerth #BruceSpringsteen False
28 of the most powerful photos of women’s marches around the world 🌍📸 True
In awe of Åre, the Swedish ski resort now reached by budget flights False
[pounds the floor, cackling] True
Chelsea Handler leads defiant, star-studded Women's March at Sundance False
Trump’s spokesman lying at a press conference is now a ridiculous meme False
Trump protester reminds us that YG got robbed of a Grammy. False
US truck driver 'loses his marbles' on Indiana highway True
Four dead after multiple tornadoes touch down across southeastern states False
Here are the celebrities that attended women's marches all over America. True
Michael Moore on why we should all take Donald Trump "at his word" False
US avoids #Syria talks as deadly explosion rocks #refugee camp False
Stoke City v Manchester United: Premier League – live!  via @guardian_sport False
Turkish parliament approves presidential system bill, paving way for vote to extend #Erdogan's powers  #Turkey False
Ellen DeGeneres posts 'LGBT Thank You to President Obama' from stars of film, music and TV False
Hong Kong, Mumbai, Beijing and Shanghai have the most unaffordable housing in the world False
New Trump White House website sets agenda that mirrors campaign pledges False
Trump inauguration: Violent protests in Washington DC False
Read President @realDonaldTrump's inaugural address in full #inauguration False
Donald Trump's inauguration performances - reviewed False
Relive the heartbreaking moment the Obama's left inauguration False
Washington DC’s subways are pretty empty on Trump’s Inauguration Day False
Borderline behaviour True
Why Donald Trump's honeymoon with Vladimir Putin will not last

#Premium True
Someone made a map of the world according to Donald Trump False
ON @GMA: 66 Democratic members of Congress plan to skip Donald Trump's Inauguration: False
EpiPen competitor to launch in February False
The most famous celebrity pet accounts on Instagram True
The galaxy of Donald Trump's presidential appointments False
Inside the massive Inauguration Day security effort, which has been in the works for months. False
Washington prepares for Donald Trump's big moment False
Syrian troops battle ISIS in Palmyra desert False
Detroit high schooler goes off on Betsy DeVos in an iconic and powerful speech False
Mexico says Joaquín 'El Chapo' Guzman has been extradited to the US False
When muh mentions are angry progressives. True
Live now: True
Trump team defends level of diversity in Cabinet  via @YahooNews False
Hundreds of queer people held a guerrilla dance party outside Mike Pence's house False
The teenagers using virtual reality to find solutions to the world's problems #davos2017 True
.@Questlove on Pandora's Algorithm: "I feel like it validated me" False
Foxes come under the #WildlifeProtectionAct.
#Jallikattu #FoxJallikattu False
#Samsung chief Jay Y Lee staves off arrest warrant amid corruption scandal, prosecutor to keep chasing False
Why dealmakers are letting more secrets leak True
#RogueOne comic book to include scenes cut from the #StarWars movie  via @YahooMovies False
Americans have been lying to themselves about the economy for way too long True
Turkish producer @MahmutOrhann talks hit single "Feel" &amp; signing with Ultra Records False
The Guardian view on Putin’s Europe: the new fellow travellers | Editorial False
Former President George H.W. Bush in ICU, wife Barbara in hospital False
#Grammy producer of the year nominee @Nineteen85 reveals stories behind Drake's smashes False
The Chainsmokers team with Sony for first "Lost In Music" VR festival experience False
Whether you're a Brexiteer or a Remainer, the prospect of a Brexit edition of Wife Swap certainly seems interesting False
.@TheLeeGreenwood Calls Out Celebs: Do Not Use the Stage as a Pulpit for Politics False
LOL at this venture capitalist, accusing a reporter of a $4M conspiracy, to take down the startup he invested in: True
"Susan B. Anthony would never have joined the Women’s March on Washington"  via @PostEverything False
Most cases not reported because 'pizza hi toh hai' False
Jallikattu: Thousands protest at India bullfighting ban False
Three multi-million pound UK companies just saw their shares plummet True
America's oldest gorilla dies aged 60 False
Majority of Americans disapprove of Trump’s Twitter use, WSJ/NBC News poll finds False
Movers have been spotted loading the Obamas' belongings into their new post-White House digs False
Literally just 18 hilarious tweets about last night’s “Bachelor" True
Sarah Paulson likes to carry a little piece of Marcia Clark around with her False
Breaking News: Nigeria mistakenly bombed a refugee camp while hunting militants, killing 50 people and injuring 120 False
Nigerian military jet targeting Boko Haram mistakenly bombs refugee camp, killing more than 100, official says False
Traffic deaths continued to rise in 2016, but officials aren't sure why False
The D.B. Cooper case baffled investigators for decades. Now, scientists have a new theory. True
Pakistan singer Atif Aslam stops show to rescue harassed girl False
A new study suggests eating chili peppers may be linked to a longer life False
Donald Trump's inauguration poem call Barack Obama a 'tyrant' False
'Obama wasn't perfect but he will be missed in Berlin, especially when you look at the Trump insanity' False
Hoo boy. True
Most Americans still think Donald Trump should release his tax returns, new poll finds: False
Celebs to descend on Washington for anti-Trump mega-rally   via @brookefoxnews False
#ICYMI: #AnneFrank: Pendant 'identical' to one belonging to diarist found at Sobibor Nazi camp, researchers say False
John Adams: "Dads like me suffer because we're expected to be workers first, family men second" #premium False
Here's how Rep. John Lewis responded to Trump without saying his name False
"If there was something to find, which there's not, they would've found it by now." 

—Ezekiel Elliott True
👏👏 That's what it's all about 🎵 True
Theresa May needs to focus on changing the attitudes of British businesses as much as she does on Brexit False
The man with the most confusing Twitter name just had another terrible weekend True
.@JColeNC shares brand new song titled "High for Hours." Listen now: False
South Korea seeks arrest of Samsung chief suspected of bribery False
Amazon's new credit card comes with some generous perks: True
Eight billionaires 'as rich as world's poorest half’ True
How Headspace turned meditation into a $250 million business: False
At least 12 civilians have been killed by regime shelling in Deir Qanun, a village in Syria's Wadi Barada area False
Ice hockey team forced to apologise for violent mascot after joke fight backfires horribly True
Ringling Bros. Circus is shutting down after 146 years False
Sure, they won, but as one writer says, the Patriots are going to have to play a lot better in the AFC title game: False
Final episode of BBC's Sherlock leaked online False
We must be tolerant of Muslim migrants, but Jewish people practicing nationali-WHOA BUDDY, that's offensive! False
This kid replaced the wallpaper on EVERY cellphone in this store with his selfies False
Spicer denies report Trump wants meeting with Putin in Iceland False
New Brazilian prison riots leave at least 10 dead False
#ICYMI: Who is (and isn't) performing at Donald Trump's inauguration? (Photo: Reuters) False
It sounds weird, but stock exchanges are increasingly leaving the stock trading business False
#Iraqi forces reclaim university buildings from Islamic State militants (pic: AP) False
Raiders punter Marquette King challenges Broncos fan to fight, deletes account instead. False
Trump cabinet pick Scott Pruitt could be in charge of the industries that have helped advance his political career False
Trump rips 'all talk,' 'no action' civil rights icon John Lewis False
Former NFL player rescues man from the roof of a burning home True
The chief economist of an $82 billion asset manager talks about his outlook for 2017 False
Lucasfilm has confirmed whether Carrie Fisher will appear in Star Wars 9 True
Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas meets Pope at Vatican False
People who swear receive less support from their loved ones. #WTF False
Everything you want to know about the Trump Cabinet confirmation hearings True
Moody's to pay $1.1 billion to settle claims it inflated ratings in lead up to financial crisis False
Ruh roh. True
A Mississippi city called MLK day 'Great Americans Day': False
China's commodities juggernaut is rolling into 2017 False
BREAKING: Senate panel to review intel on "links between Russia and individuals associated with political campaigns" False
Love and kindness. False
Harden. Westbrook. Curry. Two can start in the All-Star Game. Who would you take?

@ESPNSteinLine's ASG starters: False
.@SamHuntMusic &amp; @FLAGALine loom large in country music's embrace of streaming in 2016 False
William Peter Blatty, author and screenwriter of "The Exorcist," has died False
A lot can happen in 65 years! Watch 65 years of the @TODAYshow fly by in 65 seconds False
Kodak Black declares Lil Wayne "too old" while wearing a ski mask on @BreakfastClubAM. False
Trump is waging a war against autism: False
People have giant cats living in their houses and oh my goodness True
These are the world's drunkest countries True
Ashton Kutcher says he's proud of Natalie Portman for speaking out about wage gap False
15-foot whale washes ashore near end of runway at New York City's LaGuardia Airport. False
The 'Deadpool' sequel is bringing back some beloved secondary characters. False
Anthony Scaramucci, founder of investment firm SkyBridge Capital, is joining the Trump administration False
"Disgusting" Australia Day lamb ad stirs up more controversy False
Knotty but nice: scientists tie tightest knot ever from string of atoms False
7 plus-size athletes talk about their life in sports False
Young crooner @JacobLatimore shares his magic in the new trailer for 'Sleight'  #promo False
Prince William consoles grieving girl: "You know I lost my mummy when I was very young too." False
What are the biggest risks the world faces in 2017? True
CargillVoice: 5 things you need to know about food banks True
The Midas List 2017 is now open for submissions: False
Two employees are suing Microsoft, alleging their jobs gave them PTSD False
Law firm advising Donald Trump on business conflicts named "Russian law firm of the year" False
Nona Hendryx, Wolf Eyes, "Stranger Things" &amp; more set for #Moogfest2017 False
GOP lawmaker suffers medical emergency near House floor True
Trump refuses to answer reporter's question on Russia False
Mnuchin plans to divest his interests in 43 companies and investments to avoid conflicts False
Kentucky ranked worst state for animal safety for 10th consecutive year False
UK industrial output recovers but weak pound hits trade balance False
#Demonetisation was government's idea not ours, @RBI tells #parliamentarypanel False
The force is strong with this family's BB-8 snowman False
High in the Indian Himalayas, young monks in maroon robes take lessons inside the 15th-century #ThikseyMonastery False
The Obamas got real emotional at the president's farewell address False
"If you’re tired of arguing with strangers on the internet, try to talk with one in real life." —President Obama False
Dak Prescott says his biracial background has helped him connect with his Cowboys teammates False
Your new attorney general opposes hate crime laws and Roe v. Wade False
US Navy Vice Admiral implies Chinese ships can't 'fight their way out of a wet paper bag' False
Clemson shocks Alabama to win its first national title in 35 years False
The speed of Republican efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act has stunned health industry lobbyists False
Volkswagen executive arrested for alleged role in emissions-cheating 'conspiracy.' False
From hope to fear: the contrasting speeches of  Barack Obama and Donald Trump False
Chuck Schumer turns tables on Mitch McConnell on confirmation process: False
Saudi king steps in to pay for operation to separate conjoined twin sisters from Egypt False
Why investing in 2016's worst-performing industries may be best for your portfolio: False
The best cure for a cough may actually be chocolate False
Game changer? Electric vehicle Chevy Bolt named car of the year False
Green Day announce summer "Revolution Radio" tour dates False
FTSE 100 set to match longest record-setting streak in 33-year history as pound slides on Brexit fears False
This is to augment revenues without raising passenger fares. #PepsiRajdhani #CokeShatabdi
@RailMinIndia False
#SalmanKhan used 2 unlicensed guns for #Blackbuck shooting, court to decide his fate on Jan 18 False
Surprise #DavidBowie EP No Plan released to mark late star's 70th birthday False
'Black-ish' star Tracee Elliss Ross says historic Golden Globes win "means a lot." False
Kind of a John Madden observation tbh True
The "Stranger Things" kids look so frickin’ dapper at the 2017 Golden Globes False
T.I. pens open letter to President Barack Obama False
SeaWorld San Diego hosts final One Ocean orca show on Sunday False
Eli Pariser: activist whose filter bubble warnings presaged Trump and Brexit False
Jerusalem 'lorry attack' injures 15 False
"We know we're not the only family going through this, who has been through this or who will ever go through it." False
How dropping acid saved my life True
Kim Kardashian West came back to social media with a lesson on image control False
#Florida airport #shooting suspect Esteban Santiago travelled to Fort Lauderdale to carry out attack, FBI says False
Smart umbrella warns you when it's about to rain False
Trump’s bogus claim that intelligence says Russia didn’t impact the 2016 election outcome False
She was angry she always lost. So this woman threatened to kill lottery officials, police say. False
Why your phone's battery life gets shorter over time True
This businessman sought to earn millions from economic collapse after Brexit. He experienced almost instant karma True
52 Places to Go in 2017 True
Tilikum, the infamous orca that killed a SeaWorld trainer, is dead False
Ed Sheeran debated giving Rihanna his new song "Shape of You" False
What we know about suspected Fort Lauderdale shooter Esteban Santiago-Ruiz. False
It's two weeks till Trump takes office. Time for a plan to improve 2017 False
Teacher 'urged people to vote Trump so Muslims could be butchered' False
"The man had no #shame, neither the thought of his children when he tried to grab her breasts!" @airindiain True
Evening Briefing: Here's what you need to know at the end of the day True
Why Rihanna &amp; Lady Gaga are turning to unknown fashion students for fresh looks True
Obama says Russian President Vladimir Putin should not be trusted False
.@KeithUrban on his pair of 2017 #Grammy nominations: "It's a euphoric feeling" False
What Cole Swindell and "The Bachelor" have in common True
Theranos to lay off 41% of workforce, company says False
President Obama gives live interview on healthcare battle over the Affordable Care Act False
People are sharing their "ugly duckling" photos True
Wiz Khalifa &amp; former manager Benjy Grinberg settle lawsuits False
Southeast braces for first major snowstorm of season False
Florida beachgoer finds centuries-old partial human skull, officials say False
Student nicknamed 'Kazakhstan Barbie' hits back at Muslim critics False
South Korea wants to dedicate a job just to monitor Donald Trump's tweets False
Giant boulder badly damages two vehicles on California highway in freak road incident False
A weakening of U.S. sanctions against Russia wouldn’t affect EU penalties, official says False
Lamar Odom released from rehab facility after completing 35-day stint

Full details: False
Costco memberships could be about to get more expensive False
Don't agree with our @KanyeWest album ranking? Send us yours with #KanyeRanked False
"I would never, ever disrespect the game like that and throw the ball at the referee." 

Russ on last night's tech: False
These guys hunt for space rocks, and sell them for enormous profit to collectors True
'We have to forgive': Scars haunt Colombian rebels as they disarm False
Sir Tim Barrow profile: 'He will report back reliably on EU thinking' False
Soulja Boy apologizes for Chris Brown feud in new Twitter video: "I've been acting out" False
Higher #dementia risk linked to living near heavy #traffic, research shows False
#Hannity: #GOP must make Dems own the 'monumental failure' of #ObamaCare False
8 ways to get your spouse to open up more, according to therapists True
This couple with Down syndrome threw the most magical wedding True
Why Tool gets to headline #GovBallNYC (to the possible shock of Lorde fans) False
Bangkok was the world's most visited city in 2016 False
Apple has removed The New York Times's apps from its app store in China after a request from authorities False
Republicans want to replace Obamacare, but don't agree what will come next False
Burmese government denies ongoing genocide of Rohingya Muslims False
The results of our final MVP poll are in ...

1. ??
2. Tom Brady
3. ??
4. Ezekiel Elliott True
A day of chaos at the Capitol as House Republicans back down on ethics changes False
A dresser fell onto a toddler. A nannycam video shows how his twin brother rescued him. True
It's not over. True
Nick Young explains his recent hot shooting: "It's the Draco Soulja Effect." False
The comment didn't go down too well with actor @FarOutAkhtar who has always hit back at #sexism and #misogyny False
#KolkataKnightRiders appoint #LakshmipathyBalaji as bowling coach for #IPL2017 False
Police who shot dead father of two on M62 found gun in his car False
5 ways digital technology is changing your job: False
.@amazonIN has made it really simple for people to list items on its website &amp; suggest prices for used products False
FBI says dating site "billionaire" scammed women out of to $360K False
Marlin drags fisherman into remote waters off Western Australia. False
Blue state lawmakers want to keep Trump off 2020 ballot unless he releases tax returns False
How do you forge a quick connection with a stranger? True
The Pentagon wants to crack down on low-ball bids for huge development contracts False
Julian Assange talks WikiLeaks and the election  via @YahooNews False
ASCAP &amp; Radio Music License Committee's 5-year pact doesn't address the elephant in the room True
See couples ringing in the New Year! 🎊 False
Latinos see historic "firsts" as new Congress gets started  via @NBCLatino False
German police's screening of North African men on New Year's is stirring up controversy False
Philadelphia police investigate video of officer fighting teen False
What does 2017 have in store for space travel under Trump? True
Indonesia cuts ties with J.P. Morgan over downgrade False
Paris could lure 20,000 finance jobs from the UK with moves beginning in weeks False
Trump threatens North Korea, insults China in 140-character snippets ➡️ by @svdate False
President Obama preparing to give his farewell speech from his home city of Chicago False
Insiders reportedly think the Drake and J. Lo romance is a front to sell music. False
26 female-fronted bands that rule True
WATCH LIVE: American bald eagles await hatching of final egg in Florida nest False
Mr. Trump's plans for Obama's 2012 Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program is unclear False
Bag that washed ashore on Lake Erie near Cleveland confirmed to be from missing plane False
Donations made by Samsung are now at the heart of the impeachment case against South Korea’s president False
BREAKING: At least 60 people killed in Brazil prison riot over the weekend. Guards and 74 prisoners taken hostage False
Delaware man injured in Turkey nightclub attack calls the shooting "a massive tragedy" False
Win one of 12 brilliant designer gifts worth £7,150 - and help the Telegraph's Christmas charity appeal True
How to remove streaks from your screen, smudges from your mouse and grime from your keyboard—in three simple steps False
10 tech trends that will dominate CES 2017 True
Volcanologist Carolyn Parcheta explores volcanoes with robots False
Fireworks black market: Experts struggle to halt sale of illegal crackers  🎇 False
Australian shares gain 7pc over 2016 on resources rebound #ausbiz False
25 jobs where you can earn more than $100,000 a year True
10 New Year's resolutions for your wallet True
George Michael’s family say they will not speculate over how he died False
Dog viciously attacks family after woman tried to make it wear a sweater False
Sorest of losers. True
Flight attendants can't 'think straight' after 'toxic fumes' leak False
Minimalism no more! How I discovered the joy of recluttering True
Texas looks set to follow North Carolina with push for 'bathroom bill' False
New Year's Day: The biggest day of the year for takeaways False
The average person can't cope with more than four conversations at once False
Appy New Year: the best apps to help you achieve your resolutions for 2017 False
What will the Trump administration push for in the first 100 days? True
The only Times Square live stream you'll need on New Year's Eve True
Uber says there will be 'no surprises' with fares on New Year's Eve False
No, the power grid in Vermont was not infiltrated by Russian hackers False
Vladimir Putin admits 2016 was a ‘difficult year’, hopes people can become magicians and stop 2017 being so bad True
Indonesian man claiming to be the oldest human in history as he turns 146 😲 False
Donald Trump tweets New Year's wishes, including "to my many enemies" False
Inside China's top-secret desert town known only as '404' False
A guide to making holiday returns False
#Fintech50: See our full list of the most innovative financial tech companies: True
We Know What Kind Of Drunk You’ll Be On New Years Eve True
Mexican man accused of rape had 19 deportations, removals False
Security surrounding the inauguration of Donald Trump is proving to be the most challenging in recent history False
The train companies pocket millions in compensation for delays False
Why do we #snore?
@healthmeup True
A sleepy New Jersey town is gaining attention as Trump’s "Camp David North" False
13 people who had a great 2016 (and who you can actually be happy for) True
Loose bulls charging through #Arizona neighborhood caught on video False
#GeorgeMichael's autopsy finds cause of death 'inconclusive'  (Pic: AP) False
Shaq challenges JaVale McGee to go 3 games without doing something "Shaqtin' A Fool" worthy. False
Azealia Banks has apparently been sacrificing chickens? Idk. Here's video: True
The American diet hasn’t changed in years — except for this one thing True
Here's what 10 top Wall Street strategists are predicting for the stock market in 2017 True
House Republicans' response to gun sit-in is "Putin-like," Democrat says False
Changes coming to your finances in 2017  via @YahooFinance False
Win one of 12 brilliant designer gifts worth £7,150 - and help the Telegraph's Christmas charity appeal False
Animated map reveals the most popular pizza chains in every state True
Scientists reveal 133 new species of animals and plants found in 2016 False
Trading is thin in Europe, where stocks are poised for their first annual drop since 2011 False
Thursday in Pictures: Hanukkah in Jerusalem and more False
Utah attorney general vows to sue Obama over new national monument False
This is what astronauts see when they look out their window True
Debbie Reynolds may have died of a broken heart  via @YahooBeauty False
Ukip has lurched from triumph to disaster in 2016 - what does 2017 hold? #premium False
Little and late True
Opinions: A plan to make America 1953 again True
Opinions: The good that could come from a Trump presidency False
An artist’s poignant tribute captures celebrity deaths in 2016 in one heartbreaking photo False
Send kisses to a loved one via iPhone with this 'kiss messenger' False
19 times Mother Nature proved to be terrifying in 2016 True
Ronda Rousey's nemesis on Friday's bout: 'She'd better be ready' False
People are posting their Princess Leia buns to remember Carrie Fisher False
2016's year in review articles are turning out so very, very epic: True
Pres.-elect Trump suggests Pres. Obama is disrupting the smooth transition of power. False
Kerry speaks on Israel: “If the choice is one state, Israel can either be Jewish or democratic. It cannot be both.” False
Carl Paladino said he didn't mean to send racist remarks about President and Michelle Obama to a Buffalo newspaper False
Kobe is a savage! Swaggy P reveals why Mamba tossed out a pair of his sneakers True
How the next stars of sumo wrestling are preparing for greatness in Mongolia True
.@EricPrydz releases hopeful Pryda track "Lillo" in honor of fan who passed away False
Hmmmmm. True
How to remove streaks from your screen, smudges from your mouse and grime from your keyboard—in three simple steps False
Cinnabon fails the galaxy with terrible tweet about Carrie Fisher's death True
Heart failure drug shows promise in first human testing False
The “Dogs of the Dow” have suddenly lost their bite as the year winds down False
19 times women in Hollywood inspired us in 2016 False
"Officers have now arrested seven men between the ages of 15 and 21-years-old including six Syrians..." False
At least 12 injured after Indian jetliner veers off runway before takeoff False
Ireland's Olympic rowers return with another hilarious TV interview ⏩ by @lee_moran False
Four ways technology is transforming the museum experience: True
Evolution not the driving force behind increased C-sections, midwife says False
Tribal consumerism is here to stay.♫ True
The Panthers? The Broncos? Another team? 

Which NFL team had the most disappointing season? VOTE: True
The NBA says two mistakes were made favoring the Cavs in the last two minutes of yesterday's Christmas game: False
Original #RogueOne screenplay had a different ending False
88-year-old Baddie Winkle is Urban Decay’s latest muse False
How to know if you're actually depressed True
For online dating sites, it's a bumpy road to love True
IBMVoice: Cognitive driving hits the gas: IBM takes to the road with BMW
 @IBM False
Tresor Riziki: Fresh face of African music False
In making “It’s a Wonderful Life,” star Jimmy Stewart had to struggle with what today would be called PTSD False
Billboard's top 10 most popular holiday songs 🎄 False
Minnesota Timberwolves mascots rips Playstation 4 gift from a Sacramento Kings fan's hands. False
The Arctic is showing stunning winter warmth, and these scientists think they know why True
Queen Elizabeth speaks about who inspires her in Christmas Day remarks False
26 secrets to cooking the best Christmas dinner of your life False
A&amp;E cancels upcoming KKK docuseries over cash payments False
Those two turtle doves and 10 drummers drumming will cost you a bit more this year False
Typhoon Nock-Ten Nears Philippines, but Christmas hampers evacuations False
China's yuan is set for its biggest annual decline in more than 20 years, Goldman warns False
Trump’s pick for attorney general is shadowed by race and history False
Child monks in Thailand punch each other in the head to 'toughen up' False
Donald Trump shared a "very nice" holiday letter from his new BFF Vladimir Putin. False
Hell of schoolgirl, 13, living in Yemen's 'forgotten conflict' revealed False
Little girl adorably blames Elf on the Shelf after getting caught playing with lipstick False
Chris Pratt &amp; JLaw reveal the  craziest places they've had sex True
Best Buy employees pool money to buy Nintendo Wii for boy who visited daily False
Ridiculous Fox anchor to Teen Vogue writer: 'stick to the thigh-high boots' False
Animal shelter celebrates their empty kennels with a joyous video True
Suspect in road rage killing of 3-year-old boy said car was following too close. False
When @kporzee couldn't ride many of the @Disneyland rides, he had to get creative. "This world is too small for me." False
Gruesome ISIS video shows Turkish soldiers burned alive False
The most life-affirming TV episode of the year came from the most unexpected place True
Scientists claim breakthrough shows ageing process could be 'reversed' True
Sam Allardyce replaces Alan Pardew as Crystal Palace manager  via @guardian_sport False
'Planet Earth II' replaced with human screams is hilariously disturbing True
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day False
ON @GMA: Berlin terror attack suspect shot dead in Milan: False
Kristen Bell explains to CBS News why her daughters don't watch "Frozen" True
Berlin Christmas market attack suspect killed in Italy, official says False
18 images that only women will truly understand True
'Don't eat the kebabs' – Tupac, Kurt, and the best musician-to-musician letters True
The Syrian government has fully retaken all of Aleppo from rebels, state media reports. False
A  new #survey found that 63 per cent of #Delhi men have a sperm count of less than half of the national average False
Transgender activist creates nonprofit to fund trans surgeries False
#ICYMI: Claremont serial killings: The murder mystery that has haunted Perth for two decades False
In photos: The year in natural disasters True
Father of the bride True
Putin demands an upgrade to his nuclear arsenal to defeat any defensive shield False
College football needs to admit they’ve turned their bowl games into zombie bowls, writes @jasongay False
You may have seen headline about Republicans seeking immediate cuts to Social Security. Here’s why it’s misleading: False
Many Americans in need of skills training live in "education deserts," new research shows False
Why Amazon bet hundreds of millions on Jeremy Clarkson's new car series: False
President-elect Donald Trump has named Kellyanne Conway counselor to the president. False
Families' anguish as 12 still missing after fireworks blast False
Fog disrupts Christmas getaway flights as Britain braces for Storm Barbara False
Beasts of Balance review: Jenga crossed with Skylanders with tablet-augmented scoring False
Can you spot the problem with this photo? True
Elaborate designer handbags scheme lands preschool teacher in prison False
Saudi Arabia will start a cash subsidies program in 2017, sources say False
Number of Americans enrolling on health-care website jumps False
Corey Lewandowski to drain the swamp by opening a D.C. consulting firm False
Jon Gruden on NFL head coach rumors: "Right now I have no intentions of coaching.” False
Mississippi church member charged in 'Vote Trump' arson False
7 mental tricks that US Olympic athletes use to perform under pressure False
The economy is more durable than it looks  by @srussolillo False
Manhunt underway for Berlin attack suspect False
Being physically inactive could potentially cost you years from your life and thousands from your wallet False
New safety advice issued for combined oral contraceptives after review into pill and blood clot risk True
In 1978, legendary 60 Minutes commentator Andy Rooney sounded off on Christmas cards: False
Report: #DonaldTrump considering new names for VA secretary False
Obama bans oil and gas drilling in the Arctic—but will it hold? False
He should co-host a debate with Martha Raddatz. False
Books for the Trump era  via @nytopinion False
Why are heart attacks striking healthy, young women? True
Social Security checks being reduced for unpaid student debt False
29 cats that are a friggin’ holiday miracle True
In the past 6 seasons, the Grizz are 105-46 in games within 3 pts in the final minute, which is unreal.

But why? False
Non-infectious diseases such as cancer rising sharply in Africa False
Tennis champ #petrakvitova  'fortunate to be alive' after being stabbed by an intruder False
Stunning mural reading "My womanhood is not up for debate" appears in LA False
Accused bomber Ahmad Rahimi pleads not guilty in New Jersey case False
Good times. True
Here's the real cost of the '12 Days of Christmas' True
90-year-old Queen Elizabeth to step back from some charity work False
Graphic video shows the assassination of Russia's ambassador to Turkey by a man who shouted, "Don't forget Syria!" False
Turkish and Russian diplomats will meet as planned to discuss Aleppo, despite assassination of Russia's ambassador False
#AskBillboard: "Black Beatles," "Black Barbies" &amp; more response songs False
Glastonbury Festival could be moved to another location in 2019. False
A new study reveals that stress makes dogs go grey as well as humans False
Clippers confirm Blake Griffin will undergo arthroscopic knee surgery and miss 3-6 weeks False
Lorry ploughs into Christmas market in Berlin, leaving 'several injured' False
NC Governor-elect says there will be special session to repeal House Bill 2, the controversial bathroom bill. False
Remembering Hollywood glamour queen Zsa Zsa Gabor, who has passed away at 99 False
What goes into planning the inaugural ball &amp; why this year is like no other True
'Where it all began': Photographing Trump's return to Alabama False
Smart people prefer to be alone! True
President Duterte vows to execute ‘five or six’ people a day when death penalty is reintroduced to the Philippines False
Watch one man take on America's top 5 fears True
The secret life of Father Christmas: chats about poo and requests for a sibling | Anonymous True
Watch Out Boy! Today in 1982 @HallOates took on a "Maneater" False
Wish Bone says the 'Eazy-E umbrella' unites Snoop Dogg and Bone Thugs-n-Harmony. False
A toddler riding in the car with his grandmother was shot and killed in road rage incident. False
Priebus: Trump ready to accept Russia hacking report, if CIA, FBI get on same page False
Von Miller’s cleats for today… 😐 False
Zero. Chill.

Jeremy Hill scores TD vs. Steelers, celebrates by trashing Terrible Towel

🎥: False
Kellyanne Conway: Electors' concern over Russian hacking allegations is "nonsense" False
Gift Guide: 10 hottest toys under $50 True
‘Rogue One’ Scores Big at Box Office False
24 mind-blowing facts about Warren Buffett and his $70 billion fortune True
Seven killed after gunmen believed to be targeting police flee to Jordanian castle packed with tourists False
Would you trust data to pick your next doctor? True
These high-tech headphones could be game changers for the military: True
After nearly 45 years, new NYC subway faces deadline to open False
Putin’s childhood besties defend their "petty" pal in "SNL" spoof ⏩ by @lee_moran False
Trump says Michelle Obama's "no hope" comment about the past False
Suicide attack kills more than 40 soldiers in Yemeni city of Aden, security officials say. False
A gang leader was sentenced in a fellow member's stabbing decapitation True
Missed the most important stories from yesterday? Read on! True
.@CeeLoGreen says he's "alive and well" after cell phone explosion video surfaces False
Fish with a penis on its head filmed for first time True
.@GGGBoxing set to fight Danny Jacobs in March at Madison Square Garden False
Beijing says it will give back seized drone, accuses United States of 'hyping up' issue  #SouthChinaSea False
.@BlakeShelton's top 10 funniest TV moments True
This animated map shows every single earthquake in the past 15 years False
Keys to a successful retirement plan:

-Debt management
-Budgeting
-Investments True
People in #Venezuela are protesting against the #demonetisation of 100 bolivar notes. False
2 Chainz is selling the world's most expensive ugly Christmas sweater False
FAA chief Huerta seeks to serve out full term with Trump support False
.@MichaelBrun is bright &amp; bubbly on Ben Alessi "U" remix False
Vine isn't totally shutting down. Twitter has decided to make it into a camera app False
Steve Sarkisian hired as Alabama offensive coordinator and QB coach False
"The Muslim world failed Syria long before anyone else did"  via @PostEverything False
'I Love the Kids': Woman to Adopt Dying Best Friend's Children False
POTUS on Russian interference: Goal is to send a clear message "not to do this to us because we can do stuff to you" False
.@TheRoots to tip off #NBAAllStar game 2017 False
Pan Am pilots, still feeling victimized 28 years after Lockerbie, seek money from Libya fund False
'Ms Dhu' inquest: Aboriginal woman's treatment 'inhumane' False
New footage of blizzards battering upstate New York as strong winds hit the snow False
Authorities say two 12-year-old children have died after falling through ice on a pond False
This teenage #cricketer smashed 160 runs in a #T20 game but her teammates failed to score even one!
#ThisIsIT True
An auction for access: One man was willing to pay nearly $60,000 for a chance to have coffee with Ivanka Trump False
Banks have been told to do more to protect customers from money transfer scams False
Heavily armed man arrested after struggle at Veterans Affairs clinic, authorities say: False
#ICYMI: The Australian making his acting debut as @BarackObama on @netflix  (Pic: Netflix) False
Why GOP Electoral College members can vote against Donald Trump  via @nytopinion False
PolitiFact? "We admit this statement is factual but we rated it half true" PolitiFact? False
Brock Lesnar suspended 1 year, fined $250,000 for failed drug tests revealed after UFC 200 False
Chris Grayling sent cyclist flying with his car door, video shows False
Interior secretary to future scientists under Trump: "Make your voices heard" False
The Japanese yen is getting slammed False
It’s official. "Brexit" is in the Oxford English Dictionary False
Wife creatively includes deployed Air Force husband in family Christmas card False
#ICYMI: Meet the woman who nailed Bradley John Murdoch with a hair elastic (Pic: AAP) False
Here are the top 10 songs of 2016 False
Fed hikes rates, see 3 more rate hikes in 2017  via @YahooFinance True
Kanye West reveals Donald Trump signed a copy of Time Magazine for him after hinting at plans to run for president False
Watch the trailer for Christopher Nolan's WWII film feauting One Direction's Harry Styles False
A milk ‘miracle’? True
These are the 20 best-selling books of the year True
Inside Selena Gomez's $10 million comeback True
Unrepresented civil litigants in New York fare better with legal helpers, study shows False
John Kerry not commenting on Tillerson pick False
#Gambling industry finds plenty of political guns to defend the status quo  via @ConversationEDU #auspol False
NASA says it's troubleshooting a drill problem on the Mars Curiosity Rover False
'Rogue One' is aiming for a record-breaking box-office opening False
There's a new No. 1 in the @ESPNNFL Power Rankings:

1. Patriots
2. Cowboys
3. Chiefs
4. Raiders
5. Giants
Rest: False
Bill Cosby Court Case: Judge to weigh potential testimony of 13 other women False
A hot $1 billion hedge fund is building computers to predict how human traders will act False
Most of the world doesn’t actually see America the way Trump said it did False
Judge in Bill Cosby trial to decide whether to allow past accusers' testimony False
Polar bear and wild reindeer decline worsening as climate change continues to melt Arctic ice: study False
Deep River recalls some potato chips for possible salmonella contamination False
Trump considers former Navy SEAL Zinke for Secretary of the Interior, sources say False
Chance the Rapper just wants us all to relax and listen to his bath playlist True
Watch: Bill Murray vs. President Obama in Oval Office putting contest False
Scientists want to give the atmosphere an antacid to relieve climate change False
"Two men were gunned down while five underage teenagers were shot." False
Here's the deal behind that viral parade of dancing children's characters True
Taking statins for 2 years reduces the risk of Alzheimer's by up to 15% False
Viacom cements CEO role for Bob Bakish False
Florida's medical marijuana market will grow to $1.6 billion by 2020 False
Avenged Sevenfold vs. Warner Bros.: Inside the potentially history-making legal showdown False
#Aleppo civilians fear punishment from government forces  #Syria False
Dodgers &amp; closer Kenley Jansen reportedly agree to 5-year, $80M deal False
SCOTUS rejects bid to save inmate from facing death for second time False
This rescued pit bull's smile is the cutest thing you'll see today True
Rick Ross: "For everybody who thought [Kanye] was wigging out, he played y'all." True
"Why do Leftists hate Boris Johnson beyond all others?"
#TelegraphLetters #Premium False
“In India, unfortunately, everything has cash involved at some point.” Inside India’s unprecedented assault on cash False
Gambia election row: Yahya Jammeh 'should step down now' False
EXCLUSIVE: India's #Legion hackers admit they have nothing to do with #Anonymous
#ThisIsIT False
#China says US President-elect @realDonaldTrump's stance on #Taiwan a threat to bilateral ties False
Ghana's president-elect Nana Akufo-Addo walks in his famous father's footsteps False
Air pollution in India's capital rises again. False
Trump on China: Beijing 'seriously concerned' over policy False
The fashion industry really wants you to wear pajamas on the street. Don’t do it! True
Matthew Stafford suffered a joint dislocation and torn ligaments to the middle finger of his throwing hand Sunday: False
Christmas lights synced to AC/DC's 'Thunderstruck' are as epic as you'd imagine True
Theresa May refuses to shut shops on Boxing Day despite 140,000 petition signatures False
Clueless Saddam Hussein 'whined of cuts and bruises' when he was captured False
25 jobs where you can earn more than $100,000 a year True
In politics and policy, empathy can distort your reasoning False
Drake's "More Life" project will be released in early 2017 False
Patton Oswalt reacts to Russian hacking revelation with no-holds-barred post False
What are Madonna's album and digital song sales in the Nielsen Music era? True
A bipartisan group of senators call for a probe of Russia's role in the 2016 US elections False
NYPD seeks cure for gun violence with data-driven cases False
Trump praises Exxon's Rex Tillerson tipped for top diplomat False
Fat is GOOD for you! Diets rich in butter, cheese may improve health True
#Nigeria church collapse kills 'at least 160' worshippers during bishop ordination False
Istanbul stadium attacks: Turkey points finger at PKK False
How repealing Obamacare would punish the working class False
There's a new reason to be optimistic about life after Brexit False
UBSVoice: Do you live in an expensive city? True
#Venezuela seizes 4m #toys from @KreiselJuguetes to give poor children at #Christmas False
China flies nuclear-capable bomber in South China Sea after Trump Taiwan call, US officials say False
This goggle-wearing parrot could lead the way for flying robots 
 via @NBCNewsMACH False
Cold comfort True
Australia couldn't get enough of Trump on Facebook in 2016 False
Louisville sophomore quarterback Lamar Jackson has won the 2016 Heisman Trophy. False
For the first time in a while, Lions Gate could have a winner with "La La Land" False
Tim Duncan, yes that Tim Duncan, reveals he really is a machine with his new tattoo False
A tanker train has exploded in Bulgaria after derailing, the Interior Ministry said False
Islamic State fighters recapture ancient Syrian city of Palmyra, nine months after being expelled False
Donald Trump to name chief executive of Exxon Mobil as US Secretary of State, NBC News reports False
That's way too many L's 😂

Take a look at the best signs from "College GameDay” in Baltimore True
Here's what your social feed could look like if things go wrong in 2017 True
The CIA concluded that Russia worked to elect Trump. Republicans now face an impossible choice. False
French farmers become the latest profession to strip off for a VERY racy 2017 calendar False
Singapore is beating Hong Kong in the race to build a fintech hub False
The NBA is betting big on virtual reality. @jasongay reviews the new basketball experience False
A far-right Dutch lawmaker who wants to “Make the Netherlands Great Again” was convicted of inciting discrimination False
Russia hacked Republican National Committee but kept the data, U.S. concludes False
When filming 'Rogue One' took a kind of NSFW turn True
.@MikePosner talks new #mansionz project &amp; previews poetry book on #SwayInTheMorning False
J. Cole, Fetty Wap &amp; Nicki Minaj and More are @Spotify editors' #NewMusicFriday picks False
"If it was something he wanted to address and had a stance on something, the door has always been open both ways." True
This is real life: Trump says 'All the women want it to be Man of the Year' False
Kirk Douglas turns 100: A tribute to the screen legend and 6 essential movies False
Defeating cancer was once a "war"; now it’s a "moonshot" False
Mystery donor pays off $50,000 in layaway at Wal-Mart False
Solomon Islands warned to expect hazardous tsunami waves after powerful earthquake False
2016 was officially the 'year of gin' False
The Nigerian women's bobsled team are the superheroes we need right now False
China to test new anti-satellite missile capable of destroying enemy communications False
Obama to receive a report on 2016 election meddling before leaving office False
MSNBC host Mika Brzezinski says Clinton campaign wanted her 'pulled off the air' False
9 tricks for remembering everything you read True
Coca-Cola CEO Muhtar Kent will step down in 2017, passing the job to James Quincey False
5 @AndraDayMusic songs you should know #WomenInMusic False
WATCH as the world's Grinch-iest vandal tries to kill Frosty the Snowman True
Jürgen Klopp thanks Liverpool’s scouts for landing ‘cut-price’ Roberto Firmino  via @guardian_sport False
Why Sri Lanka will sell 80% stake in strategically placed harbor to China. True
TONIGHT'S THE NIGHT

Here's 7 things we want to hear on @JColeNC's '4 Your Eyez Only': True
#PopForPrez?

Gregg Popovich received 25 write-in votes in San Antonio False
Yoko Ono tweets 'still miss him' on the 36th anniversary of John Lennon's murder. False
Business leaders: keep your eye out for these 10 trends in 2017 True
Moment a huge crane topples over in the middle of a road full of workmen in South Korea False
Lululemon is soaring after beating on earnings and raising its guidance False
Madonna sings the hits, fights her "rebellious" reputation on "Carpool Karaoke" False
How Donald Trump’s web of LLCs obscures his business interests False
What do Warren Buffett, George Soros, and a computer have in common? Turns out... a lot True
New on @Medium: what does the Live Nation deal mean for our music festival scene? False
Donald Trump is choosing his cabinet. Here’s the latest shortlist. False
Trump picks retired Marine General John Kelly for security job False
Sorry, weed probably won’t help you sleep False
Authorities charge two juveniles for starting Tennessee wildfire that killed 14 people and damaged 1,700+ buildings. False
"No one eats alone": Muslim-owned restaurant offers free Christmas meal for homeless, elderly False
Here comes the Bank of Canada ... True
This #Harvard student’s inspiring #Facebook post about #JJayalalithaa is going Crazy viral!
#ThisIsIt True
Donald Trump is named TIME's Person of the Year 2016. False
Former Celtic kitman Jim McCafferty ‘confesses to sexual abuse at the club in 1990s’  via @guardian_sport False
UK industrial production falls at worst rate for four years False
Presumably tired of picking on foreigners, the Daily Mail has found a new target True
Peter Vaughan, Maester Aemon on "Game of Thrones," dies at 93 False
Azerbaijan has roughly 30 years of oil dependency left. What will it do next? False
Norfolk mutiny brewing against island's Australian administrator amid claims of intimidation False
Mosquitoes thriving in U.S. but don’t blame climate change False
What led to the freeing of 226 Christians from ISIS: False
Spectacles made their way into the NHL — and other sports may follow suit False
Angela Merkel has called for a ban on full-face veils “wherever legally possible” in Germany False
Looking for a new job? You'll have the best chances in these cities: True
Ikea is giving its employees up to four months of paid parental leave False
Hmmmmmm. True
Fasten your seatbelts. These are the world's longest airline routes True
Saudi Arabia sentences 15 people to death over huge Iran spy case False
Madonna says "it felt like someone died" when Donald Trump won presidential election. False
17 of the kinkiest things people did in 2016 True
Cop who killed Walter Scott wasn't convicted because black lives don’t matter False
Yasiin Bey has 3 albums on the way, including a joint project with Mannie Fresh False
"Italy voted ‘no’ to constitutional reform. This is why, and what happens next." True
Oakland, CA arts community reels from warehouse fire: "This is a nightmare" False
An experimental treatment eliminated an aggressive blood cancer in 82% of patients treated False
For everyone who thinks Rory Gilmore is the worst True
Cam Newton does not start vs. Seahawks due to coach's decision False
Barely above the margin of error. Yet "nearly a third thought the American government was behind the attacks"! True
President Barack Obama to join Kennedy Center Honors for last time False
Suspected Russian air strikes kill at least 46 Syrians False
The 10 best songs that sample @TearsForFears True
Cuba bids goodbye to Castro after nine days of mourning False
One of America's deadliest structure fires in the last decade has killed at least 9 people. Dozens are missing. False
Employers 'short-changing' Australian workers by withholding #superannuation payments, report says  #ausbiz #auspol False
How this cell phone repair service grew from the founder's bedroom to 262 stores: True
Man fights kangaroo in Australia to save his pet dog False
How to tame frizzy hair: the products that actually work False
Ivanka Trump is getting calls from liberals who hope she can be their voice in the White House False
These Indian students are launching their own rocket @isro True
Number of coastal drownings rise with men most at risk, accounting for 90 pc of deaths False
Fidel Castro: Thousands attend rally for former Cuban leader False
Bolton on Trump's Taiwan Call: China Doesn't Tell Us Who We Can Talk To False
I am the woman in this picture and this is what it was like True
Man flies his crush 2,300km to meet her for the first time (and they moved in together just a WEEK later) False
Hawaii is expecting snow -- more than two feet, to be exact False
Chapecoense fans to mourn crash victims Saturday at stadium memorial False
Sanjeev Gupta: the man who sees opportunity in UK industry where others don't False
Grieving Brazilian town of Chapeco receives bodies from soccer plane crash #Chapecoense False
FBI captures "Top 10 Most Wanted" fugitive in Los Angeles True
Paul Manafort, the king of K Street, is back False
London Underground fined £500,000 after maintenance worker injured in a fall False
Student emails her teacher while hopped up on drugs after surgery False
Who could it be? Mystery as skeleton of 5ft 7in man is found in dangerous desert False
Love and kindness strikes again! True
Riding banana boats, in-season sleepovers ... Bron &amp; D-Wade are really close.

Why their friendships makes some mad: True
The chef behind the world-famous Noma scoured Mexico for the best food. Here's what he found True
Fidel Castro: A first-person account of the day the music stopped in Cuba False
Why would a cereal #brand with such lofty values get in bed with partisan political groups?  #DumpKelloggs True
40 years, 40 highlights from Billboard's Dance Club Songs chart #GreatestOfAllTime 🌟 False
President-elect Donald Trump plays golf. Does that count as exercise? True
#CirqueDuSoleil founder Gilles Ste-Croix's son killed in 'tragic' on-set accident False
Colombia plane crash air traffic controller says she did everything she could to keep the flight's occupants alive False
UK will not block closer EU defence ties, says Boris Johnson False
Emma Stone hilariously fails Jimmy Fallon's "Singing Whisper Challenge" ⏩ by @lee_moran False
Kellyanne Conway: 'The biggest piece of fake news' was the idea Trump couldn't win False
Bernie Sanders: Donald Trump "has endangered" U.S. jobs with Carrier deal False
Mom of missing boy in Hawaii pleads guilty to manslaughter, nearly 20 years after his disappearance False
Foster child’s friendship with dog is viral internet sensation False
17 truths only people who adore wine could possibly understand True
The worst bond rout in three years deepened Thursday True
The real problem behind fake news  via @YahooNews True
Here's Trump's plan to keep jobs in America True
Why @AnnieLennox wears a T-shirt that says "HIV-positive":  #WorldAIDSDay True
He gets it. Nancy, why don't you? True
Apple's biggest fans are already preparing for the iPhone 8: False
Hollande shocks by announcing he will not stand for re-election False
This is how you can watch Trump's first post-election rally live live False
Holocaust survivors' 3D project preserves testimony for the future False
How China may have cost Clinton the election True
RBS’s past sins are still shaping the bank’s future | Jill Treanor True
20 gifts for people who love the internet more than real life True
"Don’t just try to cut expenses, instead, find ways to make more #money." False
Why monogamous male couples should stay mindful of HIV True
OSU attack suspect visited Washington DC area days earlier, source says   #FOXNewsUS False
Trump says he will step away from his business—but his specific plan is unclear: False
Almost 20% of Pres. Trump's first 100 days were spent at Mar-a-Lago False
Taylor Bennett speaks on branding, building his career independently at NYU False
US service member killed in blast near Mosul, coalition says False
With strong job creation, Wyoming and New Mexico climb on Forbes American Dream Index False
Florida apologized for "gross injustices" to 4 black men convicted of raping a white woman more than 50 years ago False
Kaws on his new Uniqlo collaboration and why he won't wear his own Air Jordans: False
EPA's main climate science site is down for 'review,' and you should be worried  #climatemarch True
The Cleveland Browns got their quarterback. Cam Newton got some help.

The big things to know from Day 2: False
TRUMP'S FIRST 100 DAYS: Here's how they compare to Obama, Bush, and Clinton False
Ariana Grande &amp; Cashmere Cat have teamed up for a third time with "Quit" False
Speed up your metabolism with these six steps  via @NBCNewsBETTER True
makes u think True
"We just fired the attorney general." Our reporters share their most memorable moments from Trump's first 100 days. False
Who's developing 5G, the wireless technology that may make or break VR and autonomous cars? False
One may not even notice Shaikh Mohammad Hussain Noor Mohammad standing in a corner... False
The rape came to light when the child whispered in the judge's ear about the rape True
one of these things is not like the other True
Revealing t-shirts unveiled in Russia to boost support for Putin False
Rep. Maxine Waters on President Trump's latest tweetstorm: "All of this is a distraction." False
Emmanuel Macron BANS two Russian news outlets from his events, sparking fury in Moscow False
Watch @BANDA_MS perform at the 2017 @BillboardLatin Music Awards #Billboards2017 False
Hollywood producer Lynda Obst's memory has been questioned in Robert Durst case False
In ancient Peru, archaeologists find rare spinal condition and possible inbreeding False
SAPVoice: Blockchain brings trust to supply chains in every industry False
Myles Garrett cons: Effort questions. Myles Garrett pros: He's still Myles Garrett.

Pros &amp; cons for every pick: False
The curious curse affecting emerging-market currencies in the month of May True
Trading up for Trubisky at No. 2🤔

Grades for every first-round pick: False
GOP pushes for a 1-week funding bill to avert government shutdown. False
The BBC kids and their parents are back, in cartoon form False
James Earl Jones set to receive Tony Award for lifetime achievement. False
Kentucky 5-year-old with broken leg saves dad's life in car crash False
20 years later, @DatelineNBC's Keith Morrison reflects on covering Gianni Versace's murder False
Browns expected to draft Myles Garrett with the No. 1 pick, per @MaryKayCabot False
Microsoft's record stock price tumbles after company fails to beat revenue estimates False
Johnny Depp surprises Disneyland visitors by appearing in character as Captain Jack Sparrow False
India's most valuable bank plans to launch the country's biggest offering of perpetual debt False
For $425, Nordstrom will sell you a pair of dirty jeans False
New glaucoma test 'means treatment can start before sight loss symptoms begin' False
Angela Merkel trying to answer the question ‘Are you a feminist?’ is fascinating False
Children's hospital units forced to close to new patients due to staff shortages False
Build Your Perfect Partner To Find Out When You'll Get Married True
So @ericholder got real today about Republicans who are trying to make it harder to vote  —@lpolgreen False
Trump is changing tactics on overhauling the tax code after failing to repeal Obamacare False
One Guardians of the Galaxy 2 character was meant to die in the first film True
Local mayors: By Sessions’s definition, there might not actually be sanctuary cities False
Ann Coulter says she's likely to cancel her speech at Berkeley False
33 of the most annoying rom-com moments of all time True
.@SilvestreFDC talks the importance of collaborations at the 2017 Billboard Latin Music Conference False
.@KellyannePolls on 'Hannity': #Trump has 'great record of accomplishments' in first 100 days False
.@Nordstrom Charging $425 for Fake-Mud Jeans False
Meet Man Kaur, a 101-year-old from India who took home the gold in the 100-meter dash. False
Embattled producer Dr. Luke out as label CEO, but remains at Sony Music False
California judge blocks Trump order on sanctuary city money False
A Big Mac makeover is helping McDonald's overcome its slump False
Derek Jeter-Jeb Bush group to purchase the Marlins for $1.3B, per @flasportsbuzz False
NFL Insider says teams have an unusual concern about the top prospects in this year's draft False
persuasive. False
Fire rips through Russian 'nuclear town' built to supply weapons-grade plutonium False
Dude trolls Starbucks baristas with a bunch of weird containers to fill up with coffee False
This will help you save #money! #MustRead True
Colbert says Trump's border wall is starting to sound more like a blanket fort False
Vicky McClure and Paddy McGuinness among viewers 'heartbroken' by Little Boy Blue True
Tapper mocks Trump for 'cramming like a college kid' to show something for his 100 days False
T-Mobile customer growth slows ahead of expected merger frenzy False
The drug lord El Chapo is now an unlikely voice for prison reform after protesting conditions of his New York jail False
#AnzacDay marked by Australian Antarctic expeditioners in below-freezing temperatures False
Elton John recovering from 'potentially deadly' bacterial infection; cancels string of concerts False
Obama to crowd: 'So, what’s been going on while I’ve been gone?' False
Hash browns are being recalled in 9 states because they may contain golf ball materials False
Bill O'Reilly to speak publicly for first time since his ouster from Fox News False
now we got bad blood True
Treasury imposes sanctions against 271 employees of Syrian gov't agency that's believed to develop chemical weapons. False
Young pretender True
This amazing dad made toddler-sized "Mad Max: Fury Road" cars for his kids False
Steve Kerr acknowledged his painful symptoms could keep him out the remainder of the playoffs. False
Frank Ocean premieres new version of "Slide on Me" f/ @YoungThug. False
New Roger Stone Netflix documentary reveals the man behind Trump's presidency False
“We who voted for you consider stopping this climate change madness one of your key promises.” False
#NewZealand PM @pmbillenglish calls Australian #immigration changes 'disappointing' False
Social care green paper is an opportunity too important to be missed | Peter Beresford False
Spitting Image to make a comeback with new HBO series False
15 horror stories that prove nurses have the toughest job in the world True
Anti-fascist protesters clash with police in Paris after first French election results False
The Nats shortstop keeps his cravings in check, but he loves candy. And chocolate. And soda. False
Dad takes daughter and best friend to father-daughter dance for touching reason  via @GMA True
It only took 7 seconds for this Kylie Jenner appearance to get really awkward True
Earth is so photogenic True
#VivekMurthy was picked by #BarackObama administration in 2014 was sacked by #donaldtrump's administration! False
French TV calling it for Le Pen/Macron: False
An all-glowed-up "Wizards of Waverly Place" cast reunites for wedding False
Rajon Rondo was fined $25,000 for trying to trip Jae Crowder in Game 3 False
President Trump's approval ratings are at a historic low as 100th day in office approaches. False
Black Fox News employees claims they were forced to arm wrestle white co-workers. False
Whatever the IMF thinks, we are a long way from the boom time of 2007 | Larry Elliott False
North Korea detains third American citizen, officials say False
Reformed bullies share their BIGGEST regrets in searingly honest confessions True
FA Cup photo essay – road to Wembley, quarter-final: Middlesbrough v Manchester City False
7 key dates made Marine Le Pen who she is today  #France2017 False
16 ice cream cocktails you need in your life True
The #LondonMarathon Men: Suicidal man will run alongside stranger who talked him down from a bridge False
The Durant-less Warriors have another chance to prove that they're built to defy adversity False
Jusuf Nurkic WILL play in Game 3 vs. Warriors False
How do Americans rate @realdonaldtrump 100 days in? @zdaniel False
Utah teen speaks after being left for dead in shooting by two teen boys: False
"The liberals' version of book burning": Bill Maher defends Ann Coulter in Berkeley fight False
We really wish we could watch the expletive-filled video Kevin Garnett created for Celtics. False
A roundup of stories that made headlines today. #News True
We need to stop being hysterical about Turkey False
A ferry crash has left five people in hospital on the holiday island of Gran Canaria False
Princess Diana lives on in her sons - what Prince Harry and William  have done this week proves that False
14 things we learned from Caitlyn Jenner’s ‘20/20’ interview: True
"Bring it on": Students sue Trump administration over climate change False
The Saturday Essay: France’s choice: le divorce? False
26 pictures that will ruin your weekend True
14-year-old girl shot in head leaves hospital after two months: "I am tougher than a bullet" False
🤔 True
Prince didn't make his music easily available online. But we can't help it. Here are 5 live clips worth watching. True
Prince sold more albums than any other artist in 2016 False
Ann Coulter rejects Berkeley’s new invite; GOP students threaten to sue college False
Making workers sweat: Indian #IT companies are resorting to #costcutting, mostly by slimming down the workforce False
A "14/10" interview with the guy behind the amazing We Rate Dogs account  @dog_rates False
Five people who waited until their wedding night to have sex describe what it was like True
makes u think True
'We know where MH370 is': Scientists call for new search for missing jet False
17 giant mugs you need if you're thirsty AF True
Users are complaining about a red tint on the display of their #GalaxyS8 phones. #Samsung False
Latest drift analysis reaffirms MH370 likely crashed north of the search, officials say False
A gunman opened fire on the Champs-Élysées, killing a police officer and severely wounding another False
Champs Elysees shooting: 1 police officer killed, another injured in Paris incident False
British Cycling announces a review into its medical practices following UKAD investigation fallout False
Do you want Reagan’s economy or Obama’s? write Phil Gramm and Michael Solon for @WSJOpinion False
Shawn Mendes drops feisty new single "There's Nothing Holdin' Me Back" False
Cut-back crew for ISS launch True
Epilepsy drug 'responsible for up to 4,100 severe birth defects' in France False
Hilarious photos from around the world capture people in VERY puzzling scenarios True
The Australian government has introduced a "values" test for citizenship False
#MarkZuckerberg trolls @Snapchat: 'Facebook is for everyone, not just the high end' False
Robots will soon become our children’s tutors. Here’s why that’s OK:  via @NBCNewsMACH True
What your Facebook profile picture says about you True
Dad shares warning after 15-year-old girl's tragic death from electric shock drowning False
What happens when you don't shave for a whole year? Natural beauty, explains this blogger 🙌 True
This dad's reaction to his daughter's wet pants is priceless. True
Ten-month-old dog recovering after being thrown out of third-story window: False
Voters must ask themselves: who is fit to govern Britain? #TelegraphView False
A 17-year-old sends a 13-year-old nudes in "Crazy, Stupid, Love" and WTF? False
Unhappy about your job? Fill in these blanks and find your dream career True
82% of all "skilled" foreign work visas went to people from India or China in 2016 False
Theresa May is attacking the idea of a Labour-Lib Dem progressive alliance against her – she needn't worry False
One reason Trump changed his rhetoric on China? He really likes the Chinese president False
Pres. Trump faces challenges in asking Congress for authorization for use of military force: False
Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs are facing the same question — but for different reasons False
The history behind Kendrick Lamar's new "Kung Fu Kenny" nickname. False
5 things for Wednesday:

- Facebook killing
- Georgia runoff
- British election
- Fresno shooting
- Bill O'Reilly False
Fresno shooting rampage: Suspected gunman wanted to kill as many white people as possible, cops say False
Ayodhya dispute: India top court orders trial for BJP leaders False
As Zeal for China Dims, Global Companies Complain More Boldly False
VP Pence warns North Korea not to test the resolve of the U.S. military. False
19 hilarious tweets about Coachella that will make you actually LOL True
Fox’s leaders are said to be souring on Bill O’Reilly False
Three road teams won Game 1. All are in action tonight.

Which has the best chance to win the series?  (Insider) False
The 5 times Rihanna did #Coachella style better than anyone else True
Former WWE wrestler Rosey, related to The Rock and Roman Reigns, dies aged 47 False
Northam has financial edge in Virginia governor’s race; Gillespie leads GOP field False
'Facebook killer' found dead in vehicle True
This is your next Netflix murder mystery obsession True
We're getting "Curbed" vibes from Larry David's daughter Cazzie's new web series False
When it comes to politics, British people agree on very, very little. False
IMF revises up U.K. growth estimates as Brexit impact is postponed False
China's economy stormed back in Q1, in its first back-to-back acceleration in 7 years False
Why top companies are ditching degree requirements for some jobs  #opinion True
Dad's response to daughter's pants-wetting accident at school goes viral   via @foxnewshealth False
These rising architectural stars could change India's skylines forever  via @CNNStyle True
Proof parents DO have a sense of humour True
Lavoy Allen wrote “Go Pacers!” on Cavs’ home court before Game 2 False
As Game 2 gets underway, was the Cavs “secret playoff defense” just a ruse? False
Melissa Etheridge: ‘I’d much rather have a smoke with my grown kids than a drink’ False
Congressman who lost seat over anti-gay remarks tapped by Trump for big agency job False
Melania had to remind Donald to put his hand over his heart for the national anthem False
How undecided voters and abstentions could swing the French presidential election #Premium False
Kashmir violence: Online videos 'show abuse' True
The CEO of Arconic, a Paul Singer target, has stepped down False
The best cities for accountants in the U.S. for 2017: False
Russia urges the U.S. to avoid any unilateral use of force against North Korea False
The secret to being successful is a lot easier than you think True
From "zombie malls" to Bonobos: The transformation of American retail False
North Korea: VP Mike Pence tells CNN the Trump administration will "abandon the failed policy of strategic patience" False
An outsider may win the French presidency - but they could face 5 years of deadlock False
Pres. Trump says "someone should look into who paid for" tax return rallies False
One of two missing #Sydney crocodiles is found by family on #Easter Sunday stroll False
Southern California is enjoying a wildflower "super bloom" after years of extreme drought False
Inside the Chinese labs where zombie drug Spice is being mass-produced by moonlighting chemists False
Erdogan's narrow--and contested--referendum victory in Turkey spells trouble ahead, argues @Yarotrof column False
Russian warships escorted through the English Channel tonight- for the third time in six months False
Best. 
Theme. 
Song. True
Remains of five archbishops of Canterbury discovered inside secret tomb beneath London museum False
Answering Trump's request, businesses target over 150 regulations for elimination, mostly in EPA and Labor Dept. False
Man gets lost Purple Heart 66 years after brother's death False
Jared Kushner is in talks to sell stake in real-estate tech firm False
Navy: Jets will be modified as it determines oxygen problem False
What a #SHOCKING transformation! #Bollywood True
Thugs shouting 'Allah is great' were behind stampede at a Good Friday parade in Seville False
#Smartphone addiction is creating a big problem for today's #children. 😮😮😮 #Shocking!!! True
How a bunny, baskets and eggs got connected with Easter False
Kate and William join Queen for Easter service at Windsor Castle False
Theresa May say that Britain is 'coming together’ after Brexit divisions False
Job interviews are utterly pointless, research shows False
Watch our festival live stream from the #REVOLVEfestival 🌴🌴🌴 False
The curious case of the billion-dollar lithium mine that sold on the cheap False
Tennessee makes college free for people over 24 years old False
From Opinion: "Fearless Girl" doesn't need any bull False
Christian towns in Iraq’s Kurdistan region show both heartbreaking damage and signs of resilience False
Saving the Easter bunnies of the Brecks True
Proof Kim Kardashian West is stealing Cher’s style  via @YahooStyle True
A Communist-backed candidate is now a top contender in France's election False
On Friday, President Trump began his day at his golf club in West Palm Beach False
Patrick Mahomes, Davis Webb could find themselves taken in the 1st round False
North Korea Vice FM: We “will go to war” if provoked by U.S. False
Riding high True
A thief robs an elderly woman at knifepoint in a lift (and then apologetically reassures her when he's got the cash) False
San Bernardino school shooting: 'I'm scared,' panicked 911 caller says  #FOXNewsUS False
MOAB strike: US military defend use of massive bomb in Afghanistan False
Peter Capaldi says new Doctor Who series will be his last False
Opinion: A full Supreme Court of nine takes on anti-Catholic Blaine Amendments False
Bollywood legend @SrBachchan who is always forever grateful to his parents, once again remembered his family False
Lil Yachty responds to Vic Mensa's "What the f*ck is a Lil Yachty?" shot. False
Warren Beatty recalls 'chaos' of Oscars night False
Retail sales fall 0.2% in March (-0.2% expected) False
Democrats in Illinois just unseated a whole bunch of Republicans False
19 cleaning tips for the neglected corners in your home True
Monitoring service says North Korean nuclear site is "primed and ready" for a test False
New college study advises: Sleep late, learn more False
The FDA issued a blistering criticism of Abbott on pacemakers and defibrillators False
The young women leading change in Asia  #ForbesU30Asia False
PC Palmer deserved our respect. We owe it to all public-sector workers | Hugh Muir False
President Trump privately signed an anti-Planned Parenthood law today False
Austrian authorities admit more than 40% of 'child' asylum seekers that underwent age test turned out to be ADULTS False
Analysis: Trump just broke with two more presidential norms True
You are in the #washroom &amp; an #friend wants to have a #conversation with you. How will you react? #JannhitMeinJaari True
8-year-old drives younger sister to McDonald's after craving a burger   #FOXNewsUS True
These beauty and fitness influencers can make up to $300,000 per post True
This photographer traveled to 20 countries to show the beauty of redheads True
People who are underweight as well as those who are obese are more likely to suffer from migraine False
21 skincare products that might help with acne True
It's an idea from back when Pop Warner coached football — but it could revolutionize the game all over again. True
First Lady @MelaniaTrump wins damages from @DailyMailUK publisher over false escort allegations
  #MelaniaTrump False
Trump downplays Bannon's campaign role amid reports of infighting  by @CDerespina False
#MadhyaPradesh will ban #plastic bags from 1 May, in a bid to #SaveOurCows False
This 13-year-old is the youngest pinball world champion  via @YahooEsports False
China "clearly not doing enough" to rein-in North Korea, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says False
Girl, 11, killed in the Stockholm terror attack as she walked home is named as Ebba Åkerlund False
United Airlines is no angel False
22 haiku that are pretty much parenting in a nutshell True
Drink-driving mum jailed after car flies 14ft in the air with baby in the back False
Donald Trump's spokesman Sean Spicer causes uproar saying Hitler didn't use chemical weapons False
Analyst: Samsung rushed Galaxy S8 despite design flaw False
Change your definitions about networking: building community is much better for your career True
.@PressSec clarifies Hitler remarks as #Pelosi calls for his firing False
Have we seen the last of Carmelo Anthony in a Knicks uniform? False
Why don't Supreme Court justices have an ethics code? False
The 'audacious and stunning' TV show critics binged despite its creator begging them not to True
These #unitedAIRLINES memes 😳 False
United Airlines shares drop after man dragged screaming off flight False
David Njoku is a rare NFL-bound talent from a rare family False
Joy Villa: 'I Lost Friends' After Wearing Pro-Trump Gown to Grammys False
These patients were saved. That’s why their families are suing. True
Last witness True
United CEO's response to passenger being dragged from plane made it way worse False
.@KendrickLamar debuts at No. 2 on this week's #Hot100 chart False
Finally, proof that not all cats are jerks. True
Everything we've learned about family, we learned from @vindiesel in the 'Furious' franchise False
The Mexican Peso survived Trump. Now it's time to face 'Amlo' Obrador False
Wait... are Quavo &amp; Karrueche dating? 🤔 True
Kylie Jenner remembers she's 19, crashes high school prom False
Rep. Adam Schiff says Russia was "absolutely" complicit in Syrian chemical attack. False
#ICYMI: Fitness takes hard work to gain, but how fast does it fade? False
Bob Diamond is returning to the City of London False
Hillary Clinton broke down how impossible it is for ambitious women to be 'likable' False
The hottest new-car lease deals under $200 a month this spring True
How Donovan's 'Sunshine Superman' became the first psychedelic hit to
top Billboard’s pop chart False
A coal museum in Kentucky looks to an unlikely power source: solar energy False
Tiger Woods' iconic chip-in at the Masters was even more incredible than most realize False
RANGE.

Marc Leishman holes out from 149 yards for eagle 🔥 #TheMasters 

🎥: False
Weekend Update did not miss its chance to slay that Cristiano Ronaldo sculpture. So. Many. Jokes. False
Your pictures: share your photos on the theme of 'city' False
Angered by U.S. anti-missile system, China takes economic revenge False
From negotiation to escalation, what's next in Syria after U.S. airstrikes: False
Congratulations @priyankachopra. Your dad is always watching over you! 😀 False
New Mexico law bans schools from 'lunch shaming' hungry kids False
Labour MPs accused of ‘dirty tricks’ in Unite poll by Len McCluskey False
Pizza chains are making a desperate push to avoid posting calories on menus False
IMPORTANT STUDY SEZ: Basically, all college students have Netflix. 

But guess how many pay for it? True
Tony Romo is coming out of retirement to join the Dallas Mavericks for their home finale: False
Yep. This is probably how the end of the world begins. True
This baby's morning routine is perfect  DJ Khaled would be proud. True
"I hope he gets it, just not here, not versus us." True
Judge found guilty after offering to pay girl's fine for stabbing paedophile abuser False
Why the pay gap widens as women get older: True
Spain’s ETA completes disarmament after decadeslong conflict False
#CRPF sniffer dog who was killed in an explosion during an anti-Naxal operation was given a ceremonial burial! #RIP False
The man in charge of fixing Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac knows them all too well False
Morgan StanleyVoice: Are millennials democratizing sustainable investing? False
Ben Carson called on wealthy city homeowners in gentrified areas to help their poorer neighbors in America's cities False
If we want to go to Mars, maybe going to Venus first is the way to go False
The crazy window is now open for tech IPOs  via @Bfly True
Japanese scientists want to be first to drill into the Earth's mantle False
MTV gets rid of gender-specific categories for the MTV Movie &amp; TV Awards. False
21st Century Fox’s $14.3 billion Sky deal gains EU approval False
The funniest parenting tweets this week True
Sam Hunt's country hit "Body Like a Back Road" speeds to pop radio False
Support US strike in Syria:
•Turkey
•Saudi Arabia
•Israel
•UK
•Japan
•Australia

Oppose:
•Russia
•Iran
•China False
Here's why golf balls have dimples True
 True
The CIA told lawmakers last summer that it had information indicating that Russia was working to help elect Trump False
Nicola Sturgeon says Margaret Thatcher inspired her Scottish nationalism False
Only a handful of lawmakers bother to question Trump's strike on Syria False
Nielsen Music's first-quarter numbers: Explosive growth for streaming, not so much for vinyl False
7 other times French Montana put his foot in his mouth: True
Undocumented man whose wife voted for Trump has been deported False
Paris police are given powers to search Metro passengers' bags after St Petersburg train massacre killed 14 False
We visited Ralph Lauren's flagship store and saw why the brand is struggling True
The studio behind 'Ghost in the Shell' admits 'whitewashing' controversy hurt its box office False
Jamie Kirchick explains why David Cameron may be the worst British PM @jkirchick False
Has the movement to raise the minimum wage reached its limit? False
Government examined tax breaks on housing but did not act: FOI investigation False
 True
21 nihilistic memes that will make you question everything True
Principal resigns after student reporters investigate her credentials False
NC secretary of state faces impeachment filing over notary concerns   via @TeraceGarnier False
House Democrats petition for Trump's tax returns False
President Trump: Suspected chemical attack in Syria “an affront to humanity” False
Inside XXXTentacion's complicated legal situation False
.@realDonaldTrump dumps chief strategist Steve Bannon from National Security Council False
Donald Trump removes Steve Bannon from National Security Council False
Flying mattress strikes biker at 50 mph, ends up cushioning his fall ➡️  by @lee_moran False
WATCH: Sen. Jeff Merkley is still on the floor speaking in protest of President Trump's SCOTUS nominee, Neil Gorsuch False
Fresh air strikes hit Syrian town devastated by 'sarin gas' just 24 hours ago False
Child sex abuser Henry Clarke tracked down to Canada False
Russia claims Syrian 'sarin gas attack' was caused by an air strike on terrorist weapons depot False
Senate Republicans, Democrats set for floor debate on Gorsuch  via @EDeMarche False
ISIS boss al-Baghdadi reportedly escaped capture by minutes False
Coffs Harbour company fined $250k after work experience student's fingers were crushed False
Six things successful women learned on their first jobs True
These hackathon hustlers make their living from corporate coding contests True
Video released by Syrian activists shows aftermath of alleged chemical attack in Syria. False
Democratic trade union members warm to Donald Trump's populist pitch False
McDonald’s top marketer in the U.S. is expected to leave the company as part of another management shake-up False
EBay founder's charity gives $100 million to boost journalism and fight hate speech False
Drake, stop appropriating British working class culture False
Magic GM Rob Hennigan says the names on the whiteboard were "not indicative of plans” False
High-ranking Fed official resigns after revealing he leaked confidential information True
The Syrian regime or allied Russian aircraft are accused of an attack that left at least 11 children dead False
Former Nat'l Security Advisor Rice: "Absolutely false" Obama admin unmasked Trump associates for political reasons. False
Seven injured in Chapel Hill celebrations after North Carolina wins NCAA tournament False
A £5m cut in boss Bob Dudley's package won't stop the CEO pay madness False
South Korea talks tougher on China retaliation False
JUST IN: St. Petersburg subway bomb suspect named as Kyrgyz-born Akbarzhon Jalilov False
Rime: could this indie adventure game with a big heart grow into a classic? False
Stream two new singles from @LifeOfDesiigner. False
Mercedes pulls ads from Fox's "The O'Reilly Factor" amid growing sex harassment controversy False
Blood was shed, tables were broken. But WrestleMania’s buzziest moment involved a different ring: an engagement ring True
St Petersburg metro blast: Passengers leap from wreckage False
Kentucky's De'Aaron Fox declares for the NBA draft False
The story behind @childishGambino's "Awaken, My Love!" cover False
Is Panera following in Popeyes' footsteps and putting itself on the market? False
 True
Killer Mike defends Kanye's meeting with Trump False
 True
How “Auntie Maxine” became a meme — and the hero of the anti-Trump internet False
If they had any sense, Remainers would get behind a war with Spain over Gibraltar False
Senior U.S. official confirms that Jared Kushner has traveled to Iraq False
Somali pirates hijack a commercial ship en route from Dubai, kidnapping 11 crew members False
Chinese woman finally undergoes sex reassignment surgery at 72, but not everyone is supportive False
Colombia landslide: Farc rebels offer to help rebuild town False
It's plausible Trump incited violence, federal judge rules in OK'ing protesters' lawsuit False
Parched snake quenches thirst with bottle of water False
.@UN official criticises Australia's 'disturbing' number of Aboriginal children behind bars False
Florida woman and her son fatally shot after cops tell her to  "stop calling 911" False
Watch Latina surprise BFFs who lost their parents with sweetest gifts True
 True
Schiff says "I don't agree" with Nunes that evidence shows Pres. Trump was potentially under incidental surveillance False
Bob Dylan finally collects his Nobel Prize for Literature: False
Pavlov's Humans: Adorable video shows cats 'training scientist' to bring them food every time they ring a bell False
LGBTQ activists held 'dance party' protest outside Ivanka Trump's D.C. home False
Justice Sotomayor, at Princeton, avoids any talk of Gorsuch False
Plumber finds wedding ring 10 years after it fell down the drain 💍  via @GMA False
Fracking inquiry in Northern Territory to commission two more independent reviews False
Almost 1 in 15 cars sold in Hong Kong is a Tesla ...for now False
49 bizarre but also very real fears every woman can relate to True
Here is the news True
A blend of transfers and world travelers, and the constant of Mark Few, has @ZagMBB one win away from a title. False
Missing Tennessee teen was spotted with teacher in Oklahoma, authorities say False
Job seekers who get hired differ from those who do not by having these 5 traits True
Anti-Putin protesters plan next move as jailed opponent considers election bid False
A diverse list of the 25 coolest hotels on the planet True
Skinny jeans? Check. Beard? Check. Augmented reality monocle? Coming soon! False
Several Texas counties hope to cash in by filling empty jails with undocumented immigrants False
Facepalms of the week: Legs-It, Russian Dressing and Bill O'Reilly True
 False
Houses in NYC and San Francisco aren't nearly as expensive as other parts of the world False
The 2017 NFL regular season is five months away

Our Super Bowl odds after early free agency False
Kevin Durant talks about initially thinking he fractured his leg: "I just burst out crying." False
Japanese fleet returns from Antarctic hunt with 333 whales False
More unmarried couples with children breaking up than married couples for first time, ONS figures show False
Essay: China’s once and future democracy False
Tiger Woods: Masters too early for four-time champion's return False
U-Conn. coach’s simplifying of women’s coaching issue is exasperating False
Rep. Schiff says he viewed the same intel documents at White House that Nunes viewed False
Remains of Isabel Celis, who went missing in 2012, found in Arizona, police say False
Current record-holder Oscar Robertson says he's rooting for Russell Westbrook to break his mark of 41 in a season. False
Mary J. Blige and Kanye West drop empowering new anthem False
All the best deals on the internet this weekend True
A second climate-change skeptic is leaving the EPA and will return to Heritage False
Women with these 20 job titles are the happiest at work: True
Men call wrong numbers to hear a woman’s voice. What does this tell us about progress and repression in India? False
"Can SHE Do That?": Is Ivanka Trump’s new White House role ethical?  w/ @Krissah30 and @AllisonMichs False
ugh what's up with these whining kuffar True
Atlanta fire: Section of highway collapses after blaze False
Frightening celebrity statues you have to see to believe  via @YahooCelebrity True
Pres. Trump says he needs to know Melania's secret for improving poll numbers False
Mom's warning about "human trafficking" at IKEA goes viral; what you need to know False
The rags-to-riches tale of a billionaire retail empire owner True
WWE superstar Charlotte Flair reveals her WrestleMania fitness and diet plans True
"Until the welfare program is decoupled from the insurance market, **nothing will work.**" False
.@GreysABC star #ChandraWilson opens up about her daughter's mysterious illness (via @gma) False
Watch out, guys, we're dealing with a bad🍑 here True
3,600 guests at Ghana's record-breaking dinner table True
Congratulations on the first semi-based thing you've ever done in your life, Paul. True
LGBTQ people to Trump: We're here, we're queer, and you won't erase us False
Prince Charles tries out a traditional dance in Romania True
STORY: Proposed changes to Racial Discrimination Act defeated in Senate #18C False
Alas. True
You may have more retirement income available than you thought True
Fisherman, 21, survived two months at sea from Philippines to Papua New Guinea by eating MOSS growing on his boat False
The controversial EB-5 program is losing appeal among Chinese investors False
#ICYMI: Donald Trump signs order sweeping away Obama-era climate policies  (Pic: Reuters) False
It's "preschool politics" if Trump thinks he can split Democrats, black lawmakers say False
Meet the everyday people who sued President Trump over his travel ban. So far, they've won. False
Hey.
What?
...
Kickin' butt. True
House Republicans vote to keep Trump's tax returns secret for the third time False
Why is 'Black-Ish' working with serial abuser Chris Brown? False
George Clooney reveals what he is "not allowed to do" when it comes to the names of his future children. True
Children struggling to concentrate at school due to lack of sleep, MPs told False
EU council president tells UK: 'we miss you already' False
Draymond Green rips the Raiders for leaving Oakland for Las Vegas: "You just don't do that." False
The Food and Drug Administration has approved a new drug to treat MS False
#ICYMI: 'What else can you throw at us?' Locals emerge from cyclone zone #CycloneDebbie False
7 infamous deleted scenes that cost movie studios millions True
"Wow, I was about to reveal something from Season 7 and thought, ‘What am I doing?’,” he was quoted as saying. #GoT True
California vows to continue tightening air regulations despite Trump order False
Health and wealth True
This dude was spotted running around Detroit with a kangaroo and people have questions True
White House takes aim at Obama era climate policy with new executive order False
The first photos from the reboot are here. True
Smurfette is shunned in Israeli ultra-Orthodox city False
Bitcoin is taking off False
Good news guys. The #FearlessGirl statue at #WallStreet will stay on for another year! False
The trick to getting credit card fees waived False
The video, uploaded by Association Of African Students In India, is being shared massively on social media True
Former Sex Pistols frontman Johnny Rotten supports Donald Trump &amp; Brexit vote False
At the #SpecialOlympicsWinterGames, #India managed to bag 37 gold, 10 silver and 26 bronze #medals. #Respect 🙌 False
"Well, there was Mount Rushmore. That was really the biggest thing you could say about it: There it was." False
Opinion: Memo to Jared Kushner: Managing government isn’t like business. It’s much harder. False
19 jokes about period sneezes that are fucking perfect True
U.S men’s national soccer team needs to continue its momentum against Panama in the next World Cup qualifier False
Tax Office heard 'whispers' Brandis could step into deal to carve up Bell Group  #auspol False
Doctors remove protruding extra leg from six-day-old Indian girl False
Two surfer dudes really want a 12-foot Paul Walker statue on San Clemente pier, and it's strangely inspiring False
Yeahhhhhhhh boi! True
People with intellectual disabilities locked away under cloak of suburbia, writes Alison Branley False
This refugee created smart jewelry that aims to protect women from assault True
Here's what we expect from Kendrick's next studio album True
Drought-stricken Somolia battles cholera epidemic largely affecting women and children. False
"We shouldn’t have to keep saying sorry": After the London attack, Muslims react with fear and anger False
Eight school children feared dead after avalanche hits Japanese ski resort False
A The Walking Dead producer has teased how long the show will last True
Beijing’s pick Lam chosen as Hong Kong leader despite protests over "fake" election False
Brexit threatens to stir old political currents in Northern Ireland, writes @Simon_Nixon False
What's the minimum amount of #exercise that's good enough to remain #healthy? True
The U.S. is being beaten by European and Japanese firms in the race to supply cutting-edge production machinery False
One Nation strike over sugarcane dispute to derail Government agenda #auspol False
A teenager has broken a World Record for crushing blocks with his head False
The rogue government Twitter account that wasn't True
Federal Government announces review into retail #electricity prices False
Antiques dealers accused of flouting ivory laws despite Duke of Cambridge's campaign False
Premier League fans’ verdicts – the run-in, part 1: Arsenal to Manchester City False
#RavindraGaikwad, Shiv Sena MP, is now MISSING! False
Why North Korea's missile failure won't stop it trying to strike the U.S. False
Boris Johnson 'suggested David Cameron take job as NATO Secretary-General' at New York chicken restaurant False
My life with Oliver Sacks: ‘He was the most unusual person I had ever known’ False
London terror: Cops sift through 2,500 items to assemble killer's profile False
Who is to blame for the failure of the health-care overhaul? The finger-pointing has begun. False
Cabinet ministers warned social care crisis could exacerbate if UK pensioners return from abroad over Brexit False
John Mayer has more to say: The outtakes True
Liam Payne of One Direction just welcomed a new son into the world. False
Is this Kendall Jenner falling on her literal head? True
.@QandA: Questioning our politicians isn't a special privilege for the select few False
13 Things to Know About the Charts This Week: Remembering Chuck Berry's biggest hits False
The latest Uber mess? Oh, just 
1. Their top brass, 
2. In a *failed cover-up* 
3. Involving *escorts* 
Oh yes: True
Marine veteran who lost both legs in Afghanistan sworn in as NY police officer False
EU leaders display unity for bloc’s 60th birthday False
In dropping the health vote, Trump averted a Republican Party showdown False
Will global warming lead to the APOCALYPSE? True
Which TV mum are you? Take our quiz to find out True
Insurers unsure after House health-care bill fails False
A new hope in stem cell treatment for men who become impotent after prostate cancer surgery False
Joe Biden regrets not becoming president False
How the GOP health care bill failed without a vote: False
NFL players and combat veterans join forces to save lives False
We rounded up the most savage memes after Kendrick dropped "The Heart Part 4" True
Fights aren't the answer in the NBA, but they are a way of building team unity False
Westminster attack: picture emerges of terrorist's final hours False
Zayn Malik's new song #StillGotTime feat. PartyNextDoor has arrived False
Watch the video for Iggy Azalea's new single "Mo Bounce." False
Washington talks end without agreement on Israeli settlements False
Trump's links to a convicted felon who stabbed a man with a margarita glass just got weirder True
欢迎来到义乌：中国的多元文化试验田  #OtherChina True
The study reveals that a baby born in #Italy can live to be an #octogenarian! False
Kanye West settles $2.5 million lawsuit over "New Slaves" sample. False
All-male White House health bill photo sparks anger False
Opinion: For all the Republican discord, it’s the other side that’s incapable of actual governing, writes @KarlRove False
Toronto school board ends all new US trips for students False
Sia without her wig is stunning! Gorgeous! A legend! False
"20 seconds more, it would have been us": Teens recount attack on Westminster Bridge False
In a direct way, Michigan basketball's season turnaround was ignited by a very famous Wolverine — Tom Brady: False
Sears has a bigger problem than plunging sales — but nobody's talking about it True
The #WBC2017 will go a long way in fueling the future of MLB True
Jimmy Kimmel nails Donald Trump on severity of Paul Manafort's Russian ties False
U.K. police arrest seven in overnight raids after Westminster terror attack False
This ex-Google executive wants Saudi Telecom to be the next Softbank False
The China-led AIIB regional bank just signed on 13 new members in a boost to its profile False
De’Aaron vs. Lonzo headlines the best head-to-head matchups in the #Sweet16 False
Let us pray. True
Sen. Mike Lee: GOP Health Care Bill 'Is Going to Fail' False
"I have three championships because of the triangle."

Shaq suggests some Knicks are being stubborn and must adapt: False
.@SkyNews: Suspect taken to hospital emergency room surrounded by officers. True
53 pictures only introverts can truly appreciate True
This new game is like Pokémon GO — but you can catch cash prizes instead True
#BeautyandtheBeast has broken 5 box-office records already! False
Staying in; drinking less; sleeping more. It's a different world.

Why partying in the NBA isn't like it used to be: False
A congressional bill could allow veterans deemed mentally incompetent to own guns False
Talk about an awesome comeback. @SrBachchan 👏
@imVkohli True
Bird flu is spreading across Asia in what may be the worst outbreak in seven years, upending the poultry industry False
Kuwait pulls Disney's Beauty and the Beast from cinemas so it can censor film's 'gay moment' False
5 things to know from the Gorsuch confirmation hearing False
How annexing Crimea allowed Putin to claim he had made Russia great again | Sophie Pinkham False
Buy Things For Your Mansion, Find Out Where You’ll Live In 10 Years True
Oregon police dog takes down 3 suspects in 90 minutes   via @travfed #FOXNewsUS False
U.S. Military Investigating Reports of Civilian Deaths in Syria Airstrike False
Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch was just tripped up by a horse-sized duck True
Mayor de Blasio said NYC could lose significant funding for pedestrian safety projects under Trump’s budget False
Can You Pass This Lie Detector Test? True
Anger as MPs bow to peers' pressure and end 500-year old tradition of printing new laws on vellum False
Why Trump’s tax cut may be later and smaller than investors think -- Heard on the Street False
Red Sox’s minor league team plans promotion around Tebow strikeouts False
Wyclef Jean was mistaken for a suspect and handcuffed near his recording studio in LA False
Apple is updating its iPad Air, now just called iPad, and shaving $70 off the price. False
The EU and Japan signaled stepped-up efforts to reach a free-trade agreement False
How to profit from Trump inflation: True
Last night, Kia Nurse hit an NCAA tournament record-tying nine 3s.

Her secret? Patience. False
Gallup poll finds Trump approval rating at 37 percent False
Evening Briefing: Here's what you need to know at the end of the day True
Terrifying 'big chicken' is scaring the internet False
Here's the full text of Supreme Court nominee Gorsuch's remarks to the Senate panel False
Zeke’s yacht party searched by US Coast Guard for safety reasons, per @TMZ_Sports False
Government minister Guto Bebb slapped down by Theresa May for saying sense of nationhood in Scotland is 'palpable' False
.@LifeOfDesiigner can't help but crack up during hilarious interview with @Nardwuar. True
Russia summons Israeli ambassador to explain air raids in Syria False
Football transfer rumours: Philippe Coutinho to Barcelona?  via @guardian_sport False
Bill and Hillary Clinton: Chuck Berry "made our feet move and our hearts more joyful." False
Officials to determine whether Paris airport attacker was drunk or high False
Lessons from the first ‘tiny house’ evangelist, Henry David Thoreau False
Germany's defense minister has rejected claims from Trump that her country owes NATO "vast sums of money." False
The refugees who fled war in Yemen only to find drought in Somalia #premium False
Ghana waterfall: Many dead in Kintampo freak tree accident False
Women are turning viral memes into eye makeup and it's hilarious True
Lawmakers to push Comey for more on Russian election deception False
Racing 92 and Stade Francais merger off False
Rachel's Ratings: Maddow's Viewership Plummets After Trump Tax Reveal False
Here's what a modern princess can expect to be paid by @Disney (Hint: it's a lot) True
😍😍😍 True
Trump's NIH budget cuts would be 'catastophic,' says ex-NIH chief False
Racing 92 president Jacky Lorenzetti says Stade Francais merger is off  via @guardian_sport False
Immigrant children drive up school standards, says Michael Gove False
King maintains support in Iowa after inflammatory comments False
Over 3,500 saplings of 10 different species have already been planted on this 'Vertical Garden' in #Bengaluru! False
A history of Chuck Berry's biggest Billboard hits False
Kaepernick helps reserve 60-ton cargo plane to bring food and water to Somalia False
Viral cooking sensation Auntie Fee dead at 59. False
Hazelwood's closure raises threats of east coast blackouts and manufacturers quitting Australia False
Rockets GM Daryl Morey mocked Westbrook's MVP campaign being about "random" numbers: False
Airbnb guests TRASH home with a party, leaving faeces on the floor False
Rex Tillerson and China's foreign minister say tensions on the Korean peninsula have reached a dangerous level False
Why you 100% need to start watching British crime drama 'Broadchurch' True
How one man's pause became a haunting symbol of Aleppo's destruction False
A man trying to snatch gun from soldier shot dead at #Paris airport. False
Jennifer Garner visits Congress and gives emotional testimony for children in poverty False
Fentanyl crisis: Columbus, Ohio has one fatal overdose per day False
Body language expert reveals nine ways to spot a liar True
Facebook's new feature has absolutely no chill True
Court ruling clears hurdle for AT&amp;T to build long-delayed national broadband network for first responders False
Thieves reportedly use smoke bombs to rob shop in Venice False
It's Day 2 of the NCAA tournament. Follow live updates here: False
President Trump: "As far as wiretapping by this past administration, at least we have something in common, perhaps" False
Why Russia has two St. Patrick’s days this year True
A thief swiped a Secret Service agent's laptop in New York City False
Oh goodie. True
Trump shared a proverb with his "Irish friends," which likely wasn't Irish False
#Mohit and #Sanaya are surely one of the most promising couples of #NachBaliye False
Man's commentary of a NY train giving zero f*cks about people is comedy gold True
Teen discovers huge valuable diamond while on family outing False
Some Texans living along the border are receiving letters about their land False
Complacency among equity investors is rising and a JPMorgan quant says a selloff is likely False
Clinic leaves several women blind, doctors say True
Britain's GCHQ agency denies wiretapping Donald Trump False
University Employee Says She Was Fired for Defending @realDonaldTrump's Immigration Policies #Tucker False
How the budget proposal unveiled by the Trump administration could remake the United States False
some data
4
u True
May sets up battle with Sturgeon as she rejects referendum demand False
Trump’s budget shows a GOP trapped between its past and its future False
Rick Ross disses Birdman on "Idols Become Rivals" False
This is the secret code word for when Queen Elizabeth dies True
If elected, neither Fillon nor Le Pen can be charged with the crimes they're accused of for at least five years False
Justin Trudeau brought Ivanka Trump to a Broadway musical about helping foreigners False
#Batman actor #BenAffleck made a heartfelt revelation about his #alcoholaddiction and how he bounced back in life False
SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket boosts EchoStar communications satellite into orbit on second try: False
German police shoot cyclist who had a rubber horror mask and tried to flee False
A woman from #Texas set up a simple Facebook page and gave a homeless man a new lease of life #RealPeopleRealStories True
Trump must tackle China over trade but he can't do it alone, think tank says False
A federal judge in Hawaii issued a nationwide temporary restraining order on Trump’s revised travel ban False
Trump’s false autism claims could have serious consequences for people with the condition True
Meet the 27-year-old who quit Wall Street to bring solar power to the world False
Digital wall aims to protest Trump with 1,926 miles of immigrant art False
"Get Out" and "Hidden Figures" make box office history False
Japan banks bulk up in Amsterdam as they consider possible new homes after Brexit False
Europe braced for NEXIT as Netherlands elections gets underway False
Donald Trump's supporters say that leaked 2005 tax document vindicates the president False
There's still hope for Boaty McBoatface, now the name of this British yellow submarine False
The story behind the iconic music in “Gilmore Girls” True
Here’s the best place to get pie in every state True
In search of Namibia’s endangered desert-adapted lions False
White House continues to insist it can prove Trump's wiretap claim False
Do you use a credit card? If  the Fed raises rates on Wednesday, you'll feel it first False
The complete beginner's guide to Big Data in 2017 True
Canadian Girl Guides cancel travel plans to US ahead of Trump's ban False
17 weird jobs you probably didn't know exist True
WIP or RIP? True
Breitbart leaks tape of Speaker Paul Ryan criticising then-candidate Donald Trump: False
Here's hoping the negotiations kill it with fire. True
Pictured: The sewer where 200 partygoers attended illegal rave after wading through water-filled tunnels False
Britain is in chaos – and now the Tories may destroy the union | Owen Jones False
#BREAKING: Francois Fillon placed under formal investigation over 'fake jobs' scandal False
Long before Donald Trump took aim at immigrants, there was Representative Steve King of Iowa False
Muirfield golf club to allow women to join for the first time False
The US, South Korea, Japan start military drills off North Korea False
"...douchebags like this are why we need #feminism," said the user who shared the now #viral photo. #FearlessGirl False
These simple kitchen hacks will make your groceries last so much longer True
#ICYMI: #Brexit: Scotland's leader @NicolaSturgeon seeks new independence referendum False
North Korea's Kim Jong Un: From punchline to world menace   #FOXNewsWorld False
After 12 seasons, DeMarcus Ware retires with 138.5 sacks, eighth on the all-time list. False
Amazon jungle faces death spiral of drought and deforestation, scientists warn False
.@SammyHagar talks #SXSW, a Van Halen reunion &amp; making tequila with Adam Levine False
Nicola Sturgeon delivers speech on Brexit and Article 50 - Politics live False
China is open to money flowing both in and out, PBOC official says False
IBMVoice: Paving the path toward universal quantum computing False
Donald Trump's first meeting with Angela Merkel will test their power dynamic False
Hindus celebrate festival of colour False
#Hacks to protect hair and skin during #Holi! True
Wake up in the middle of the night worrying? New research explains what to do: False
You’re not busy, you’re just rude True
Kremlin spokesman: Russia is being demonized, and it's impossible that Russia interfered with the 2016 election False
.@PoojaB1972 @NUCLEYA @atulkasbekar came together to create this funky music video! True
Joe Soto did all of the bleeding at #UFC106, yet somehow found a way to win False
Watch Lorde "Green Light" the "Saturday Night Live" stage False
John Kasich says he believes Trump is "very open to compromise" on health care False
Here's how much millionaires would save under the GOP Obamacare repeal bill True
Confessions of a disappointing dad - the five things I regret the most True
Great little ski resorts: Val d’Arly, France False
Disputed Irish loughs present Brexit conundrum for fishermen False
Kristen Stewart doesn’t think much about the president’s remarks about her on Twitter False
Employees who decline genetic testing could face penalties under proposed bill False
Trump, Pence follow ObamaCare replacement rollout with weekend offensive False
Unlikely squad helping Team Israel crush it in the 2017 World Baseball Classic. False
Care home restaurant becomes first in UK to win AA rosette after hiring chef from The Ivy False
Festival drops event where a woman was set to appear onstage with her rapist False
PaycomVoice: 3 finance-technology skills CFOs should seek
 @Paycom True
A retired hedge funder is selling his two-in-one St Barts estate for $67 million False
Philly construction crew finds coffins from colonial times False
A look at the ‘Buffy, the Vampire Slayer’ cast before they came to Sunnydale  #buffyslays20 False
Grateful Dead Reissues: Archivist shares details on next 22 years False
Nicki Minaj challenges Remy Ma to drop a hit in 72 hours, offers half a million dollars False
.@GenFlynn files "foreign agent" paperwork with @TheJusticeDept. False
Billy Ray Cyrus is hinting that Miley and Liam secretly got married False
Adventurer, 42, crosses Atlantic with a PADDLEBOARD in 93 days False
HIRE POWER: Mattis, White House clash over Pentagon pick who backed Muslim Brotherhood False
Analysis: Kansas left early from the Big 12 tournament, and that might or might not mean anything False
Penguins fan offered his spare ticket to homeless man who asked for money #PayItForward False
This woman gave up her porn career and became a pastor True
Game of Thrones season seven teaser trailer – video False
New lawsuit alleges Donald Trump is in violation of lease for Trump hotel in D.C. False
Inspiring America: Marking 100 years of Girl Scout cookies! False
Chinese luxury homes in demand as cities post world's best gains False
49 gross things most girls secretly enjoy True
Playboi Carti drops new single "Lookin," f/ Lil Uzi Vert. False
Marines' nude photo scandal reportedly goes beyond one Facebook group False
Berlin Christmas market killer was 'cyberspace Casanova' who flirted with 140 women online False
Germany ax attack at train station leaves several injured #FOXNewsWorld False
Donald Trump's environmental protection chief Scott Pruitt 'not convinced' carbon dioxide causes global warming False
Sean Spicer on Robert Levinson, ex-FBI agent missing in Iran: ‘We want him back’   @CristinaCorbin False
Can Amazon Echo help solve a murder? Police will soon find out. False
Nashville police arrest suspect in connection with fatal stabbing of 23-year-old nurse. False
"There is absolutely no truth in it. We categorically deny this," #KKR CEO Venky Mysore has said True
New York's rental market is entering a 'slow grind' False
Spectacular natural phenomenons that Mother Nature destroyed True
Tabcorp to sell Odyssey gaming arm as proposed Tatts merger rolls on False
Opinion: No wonder the Republicans hid the health bill True
Here comes the health insurance industry with criticisms of the GOP health bill False
Every week, a Times photographer captures a slice of life in New York. Our growing series of panoramic photos: False
"I’m pretty sure our media is opposed to rape. But evidently, not as opposed as they are to America." True
Israeli Arab anger as parliament backs 'muezzin bill' False
After @shahidkapoor, it is Ishaan who will show us his acting skills. All the best! False
Survey ranks United States just the 16th best country for women False
A champion again after 14 years, Goldberg still has “it” False
Paul Ryan the type of gymbro to wear wrist straps for benching False
Diana Quick: 'For the first time in my life I can have non-sexual relationships with men' True
Putin celebrates women with the cold eyes of doom False
Yanis Varoufakis: 'People were confused that I didn't support Brexit' False
Protests for gender equality are taking place for #InternationalWomensDay - how big is the pay gap where you live? False
'Fake doctor' also worked for pharmaceutical giant AstraZeneca False
California fault capable of magnitude-7.4 earthquake, study says False
Judge tosses Dakota pipeline motion seeking to block construction False
#Vault7 #DeepState #BestAndBrightest True
Adrian Peterson is interested in playing for Raiders &amp; Seahawks, per, @nflnetwork False
4 lessons about how millennials spend money from MTV's new reality competition show True
Alicia Keys says she loves Gwen Stefani more than Blake Shelton does False
Fmr #Clinton campaign manager: Why were #Trump aides talking to Russia so much? True
Less teachers, no trips: how is your school being affected by cuts? False
Ben Carson remarks that "there were other immigrants who came in the bottom of slave ships" False
This will make you #respect @iamsrk even more! True
Breaking: Pyongyang temporarily bans all Malaysians from leaving North Korea following killing of Kim Jong Nam False
Trump travel ban: What's in the new executive order? False
How a thing for Skee-Ball started a $3.2 million business True
Equals in the jungle, Colombia's women guerrillas brace for new, macho world  via @NBCLatino False
Julius Peppers will return for a 16th season, per @RobDemovsky and @vxmcclure23 False
Honeymoon ideas: try the British Virgin Islands if you like cocktails, pristine beaches and private islands False
Global stocks start the week softer, bonds firm False
Chinese real-estate investors are losing interest in the U.S. False
Troadec case: Brother-in-law admits murdering missing family of four False
Embattled ex-California mayor arrested at airport on numerous charges False
A Russian lawmaker has urged Moscow to ban "Beauty and the Beast" over gay "propaganda" False
On Saturday, Adam McQuaid needed 25 stitches after his neck was sliced open by a skate.

On Monday, he'll play: False
"I don't have a lot of tape at safety, but I'm a pretty damn good safety." True
White House "paying a price" for lack of discipline, says former CIA Director Leon Panetta False
Women: have you experienced a workplace problem? True
Violence erupts at Berkeley as Trump supporters clash with counter-protesters False
Trump wire-tap claim denied by ex-spy chief Clapper False
Springlike temperatures in February threatens to cut short harvest of maple syrup across Midwest and Northeast False
Vice President Mike Pence blasts the AP for publishing wife's email address False
Why Lima is the world's best food city False
Canada has no immediate plans to deter people from crossing border illegally False
Arnold Schwarzenegger tells Donald Trump to hire a fact checker as Celebrity Apprentice spat continues False
19 pictures that prove we have moved far away from god’s light True
Trump's trade threat is uniting the rest of the world, top EU official says False
This is the cutest thing you will ever see!!! :D #goodmorning True
Josh Gad addresses gay 'Beauty and the Beast' character at LA premiere: 'It's important' False
Who ya got?

#UFC209 predictions ahead of tonight’s fights False
Colon and rectal cancer rates are rising sharply for Americans under 55, according to a new study False
Hero bro cements his place in Trolling Hall-of-Fame while taking selfie with Kellyanne Conway False
Mars? FORGET ABOUT MARS. These upcoming moon missions are so, so much cooler True
Donald Trump has spent almost a third of his days as President in Mar-a-Lago False
Saudi Arabia is bulking up its business in Asia before Aramco’s IPO False
Polish lawmaker launches tirade, says women are "less intelligent" than men False
A neuroscientist explains how magicians deceive us False
.@realDonaldTrump runs into Twitter trouble with repeated spelling errors False
.@MikeWiLLMadeIt enlists YG, Migos &amp; 21 Savage for "Gucci on My" False
Chattanooga singer @JohnnyBalik delivers a refreshing introduction with "I Need It": False
Kakenya Ntaiya's mission to educate the #girls of #Kenya  #education (Pics: Liz Courtney) False
.@RogerWaters posts new tease of first solo rock album in 25 years False
Someone made a Trump-Putin Facebook friend anniversary video True
Is Supreme's Nike Uptempo collaboration a disappointment or a slam dunk? False
Michael Jackson's daughter Paris Jackson signs with modeling agency  (via @GMA) False
Emotions were high as former Canadien P.K. Subban made his return to Montreal 

🎥: False
Six children discovered in bombed out Aleppo home after eight weeks alone False
Stocks have been on an absolute tear, but here's why investors should be cautious: False
Jared Kushner and Michael Flynn met with the Russian ambassador at Trump Tower in December, the White House said False
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day True
King Salman of Saudi Arabia traveled to Asia with 1,500 people, 6 Boeing jets, 2 limousines and 2 electric elevators False
Federal judge blocks release of Orlando nightclub gunman's widow from custody. False
Chicago grandmother guilty in torture death of 8-year-old granddaughter False
This consciously uncoupled thing is really working out for @GwynethPaltrow and Chris Martin: True
Sessions: Meeting with Russian envoy 'hyped beyond reason'; criticism 'unfair' False
Snap's IPO is the biggest techn offering on a U.S. exchange since 2014 False
Why is my daughter so different to me? | Emma Brockes False
WATCH NOW: House Speaker Paul Ryan holds his weekly briefing False
After wave of arrests, immigrants live in fear True
The real decision on Hong Kong's next leader will be made in Beijing False
Chinese companies' success in reducing debt isn't all it seems  via @Bfly True
Flying in and out of #Delhi may get much cheaper by coming summer break False
Twins dominate "Superhero Day," dress as RBG and Sandra Day O'Connor False
Three sisters run from homelessness to track-and-field success False
It’s time to talk about “One Tree Hill” and the worst character on the show False
A miracle baby has become the youngest to survive major abdominal surgery False
Man who was attacked by two pit bull-type dogs last month has died, @CBSLA reports: False
Opinion: "Once again, Trump succeeded where he was supposed to fail" False
McDonald's is looking to beef up its sales with new tech, including an ordering app False
Buddy is just trying to do him False
Horrifying video shows teen jumping to his death in Snapchat stunt gone wrong True
Table 19 review – divorce yourself from this unfunny wedding comedy True
Surprising report says the Patriots 'are not expected' to trade Jimmy Garoppolo False
Embattled French presidential candidate François Fillon vows to fight on despite facing formal investigation False
President Trump's speech elicited strong responses False
ICYMI: Full text of Pres. Trump's first-ever joint address to Congress  #JointSession False
Democrats bet on buyer's remorse in speech response True
A producer who is very much alive was mistakenly included in Oscars 'In Memoriam' tribute False
Spurs, Heat lead the way in B/R’s ranking of best benches in the NBA False
Mom gets 50 years for poisoning, burning her 5-year-old son False
A Tunisia hotel worker describes efforts to stop the Sousse attack False
Hippo whodunit: Beloved zoo animal dies after beating in El Salvador zoo False
Massachusetts is the most educated state in America in 2017. See the top 10 here: True
Mariah Carey squashed accusations about a possible custody battle against Nick Cannon False
George W. Bush tells @TODAYshow that a free press is "indispensable to democracy" False
Why is it so cold in outer space? True
Here are five foods you need to eat every day for a flatter stomach True
Scientists have found a way of growing human tissue on apples False
Auli’i Cravalho is the IRL Disney princess we all need right now False
.@1future's 'HNDRXX' on pace for no. 1 debut

What's your favorite track? True
9 apocalyptic movies to get you in the mood for 'Logan' True
WATCH LIVE: Press Sec. Sean Spicer holds daily White House press briefing False
Nothing can beat Meryl Streep's reaction to *that* Oscars mix-up True
George Takei and half of Twitter made the same joke about Russia and #Oscars night True
Check out the last time someone read the wrong winner at the #Oscars True
We're doomed. True
"Hollywood's judgment would go a lot further if it directed some of that political energy back at itself" False
‘There’s a mistake’: A minute-by-minute breakdown of the historic Oscars flub involving best-picture winner False
Women who have been sexually assaulted in public reveal how they fought back False
#MtAbu-based Arbuda Credit Co-operative Society Ltd is under the #scanner of the #Rajasthan and #Gujarat #police False
How to survive the longest flight in the world True
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them wins Best Costume Design #Oscars False
All the red carpet fashion at the 2017 #Oscars False
Pope Francis said he is studying the possibility of going to South Sudan False
This man raised over £250,000 to make a NSFW Donald Trump troll with tiny… Hands True
See what's inside this year's #Oscars gift bag—worth hundreds of thousands of dollars: True
Animated map shows the US metropolitan areas where the most immigrants are living illegally False
America doesn't care anymore, detains beloved children's book author True
#Razzies: Batman v Superman and Hillary's America top Hollywood's anti-awards False
Anthony Morrow had to change his Bulls jersey number to avoid the anger of Derrick Rose fans False
How to get the benefits of fasting with less deprivation True
Test your knowledge of iconic film roles that nearly went to different actors #Oscars True
Muhammad Ali's son detained at airport, asked "Are you Muslim?" False
TV show #Shararat sequel in the works @SethShruti False
At CPAC, Trump's victory solves everything — for now False
All the things Labour have blamed the Copeland by-election loss on, other than Jeremy Corbyn False
Colombian gang leader believed to be behind 117 MURDERS is arrested False
The $65 European airfare is coming to the U.S. False
Marine Le Pen is winning over some of the female voters who feel left behind in France False
History shows George Washington was incredibly hard to kill  via @fxnscitech False
DeMarcus Cousins calls out Kings for trading him: "It was a coward move." False
'Doomsday' vault receives 50,000 new deposits False
Look at this surreal hidden beach True
Blasts hit civilians trying to return home in northern Syria, killing dozens False
Everything you need to know about the Oscars (and some things you don't) True
There's more than $10 billion in demand for Snap's hot IPO False
Analysis: Donald Trump hasn’t changed, but conservatives have. And CPAC just proved it. False
.@YoungThug reflects on his demons in "Safe" video  / via @billboardhiphop False
Some of President Trump’s free-range, campaign-style CPAC speech centered on a declaration of war on the news media False
A small fire that damaged a mosque in suburban Tampa, Florida, has been ruled arson, fire investigators say False
Wonder if you're smart? These 5 signs can prove it, according to science. True
Analysis: Trump said he can’t "find a country where we actually do well." We just did. False
.@realDonaldTrump's chief of staff asked FBI to dispute Russia reports: official False
The message Trump's deputies sent to the party faithful: the Republicans are winning the fight — and it is a fight False
Teen engineers build robot arm to rescue puppy trapped in well False
The truth about those solar jobs numbers you've been seeing: True
Things turn ugly between Karrueche Tran and Chris Brown True
Ahmed Fahour hits back at Pauline Hanson: 'Does she have an issue with the colour of my skin?' – video False
As #DeleteUber rages, Lyft expands to 50 new cities. False
Sean Spicer had a curious defense for Trump describing deportations as 'military operation' False
💅 @darealamberrose can now add 'strip club owner' to her resume False
"They won't admit it in Stockholm, but Donald Trump is right about immigration in Sweden," says Fraser Nelson False
U.S. natural gas prices are off to the worst start to a year since 2006 False
MP in tears as he urges justice for cousin murdered by the IRA and end to 'witchhunt' of troops False
Google's charitable arm is pumping $11.5 million into 10 organizations fighting for racial justice False
A Walking Dead actor has spoken out over the Primark T-shirt controversy True
Opinions: Trump should try acting a bit more vice presidential False
Skepticism is rising over Paul Ryan's vague Obamacare replacement plan False
New #AlienCovenant prologue shows the crew partying hard before sh*t hits the fan. False
CPAC day one: Kellyanne Conway, Mike Pence and Steve Bannon speak – live False
EPA chief Pruitt’s newly released emails show deep ties to fossil fuel interests  via @YahooNews False
Celeb chef Gordon Ramsay’s in-laws have been charged in a computer hacking case False
Arsenio Hall to dismiss $5 million lawsuit against Sinead O'Connor over Prince comments. False
Bloodletting, voodoo and opium: New Orleans museum spotlights medical methods of the past False
Melania Trump re-files Daily Mail lawsuit without controversial wording False
Tillerson and Kelly visit Mexico amid tension over deportation guidelines. False
There's now a life-sized Kanye West Jesus statue on Hollywood Boulevard: False
Less than 24 hours until the NBA trade deadline ⏰

Predictions: False
Here’s what you should know about the newfound TRAPPIST-1 solar system True
Nets reportedly trade Bojan Bogdanovic to the Wizards False
The 20 toughest interview questions asked by the world's most elite firms (and how to answer them correctly) True
White House press secretary Sean Spicer is holding a press briefing. Watch live on @CNNgo False
French elections: centrist Bayrou offers alliance with Macron False
Kitchen gadgets review: coconut grater – an ugly pleasure of the flesh True
The penalty rates decision is likely to reignite fierce debate — so where do our politicians stand?  #auspol False
"It is likely that no living person in history has ever been as famous as Mr. Trump is right now" False
#MehboobaMufti said peace will remain elusive in the state unless #KashmiriPandits feel safe in the valley again False
Could Donald Trump’s ‘junta’ be his salvation? | Mary Dejevsky False
Northwestern MutualVoice: If we love pensions so much, why do we hate annuities? False
#Mumbai Police shows #ShobhaaDe her place after she body shames a police official! False
We're in good hands. True
The Trump administration and House Republicans asked a court for a further delay in a lawsuit over ACA subsidies False
Everything you need to know ahead of the Brit Awards 2017 True
Elena Delle Donne is half of The Knot’s first same-sex “Dream Wedding” couple False
Eight reasons why kissing is so good for your health - from burning calories to slowing aging True
Brenda Buttner, host of Fox News Channel’s “Bulls and Bears,” dies of cancer at 55 False
The world's most pointless signs revealed False
#Government To Now Regulate Prices Of #ArtificialHeartValves And #Syringes False
Arsène Wenger: I could never manage in non-league, it is too difficult  via @guardian_sport False
"A luminous feat of generosity and humanism." Colson Whitehead on George Saunders's novel about Lincoln: False
Nasa announces press conference on 'discovery beyond our solar system' True
#Cash seizures have witnessed a massive jump across #UP, #Uttarakhand, #Punjab and #Goa False
US troops in Iraq operating closer to front lines   via @JenGriffinFNC False
Kirk Cousins reportedly won’t sign new contract before franchise-tag deadline False
#hepatitisC  will be eradicated in Australia by 2026, researchers predict False
18 types of men that Ryan Gosling was in the ’00s False
Famine declared in South Sudan; 4.9 million people need urgent help False
Brazilian footballer brought to tears after being racially abused by fans in Serbia True
McDonald's workers reveal their VERY clever hacks to save money and get fresher food True
Woman appointed as first female head of Saudi Arabia's stock exchange False
French Vogue makes history with first transgender cover model False
After this man's son killed himself, he decided the world needed a little more kindness True
Robots that take people's jobs should pay taxes, says Bill Gates False
Cop killed, 30 people injured in blast near Colombia bullfighting ring False
Here are the best plays from the 2017 NBA All-Star Game. False
Justin Timberlake bows down to the great Bill Withers at songwriters Hall event False
German chancellor Angela Merkel urges Europe to take MORE refugees False
And you haven't by depicting them as bigger players than they really are? True
Is lipstick toxic? Gwyneth Paltrow thinks so  via @YahooBeauty True
Taxstone reportedly indicted on weapons charges from Irving Plaza shooting. False
Here's a workplace danger that safety trainings don't cover True
How can we take the Trump administration seriously when it can't even spell good? True
In 2016, Trump criticised Obama for campaigning instead of creating jobs. Guess what Trump was doing this week… False
There is some truth in Donald Trump's cry of 'fake news' False
Indian wedding scammer is going hungry because he doesn't like the vegan food options available in jail False
James Harden dressed like the Tin Man, and Twitter let him have it. False
After other ceasefires fizzled, Russia and Ukraine agree to try again False
These Dads Dancing Ballet with Their Daughters Will Steal Your Heart True
"Moonlight" writer Tarell Alvin McCraney talks about the story's origin and critical success False
These new office sensors know when you leave your desk True
Stephen Colbert says Moby is just as credible as Kellyanne Conway False
Say goodbye to YouTube's long, unskippable ads starting next year False
New York Jets cornerback Darrelle Revis turns himself in for alleged Pittsburgh fight False
For Presidents’ Day weekend, some of our favorite books by and about presidents from the past few decades False
Oscar-nominated actress Octavia Spencer discusses her role in “Hidden Figures" and diversity at the Academy Awards False
Nasa revive "weird life forms" living inside crystals for 60,000 years, raising hopes of finding alien organisms False
Trump Aides Try to Reassure Europe, but Many Are Wary False
Ivy league school accidentally emails nearly 300 acceptance notices  #FoxNewsUS False
Flailing. True
Hearing for President Trump's Supreme Court nominee set for March False
5 mistakes you make when you don't know what's next: True
Morehouse College to honor Warner/Chappell CEO Jon Platt, Usher &amp; Tyler Perry False
Some 75 percent of the 680 illegal immigrants arrested by ICE last week were convicted of crimes. False
Low energy. True
Council tax exemption for 'pooper snoopers', offers mayor False
Fearless elephant charges and kicks at wild dogs after they try to ambush her calves False
Facebook removed a line about monitoring 'private channels' from Zuckerberg's new manifesto False
Warren Buffett lists longtime Laguna Beach home for $11 million False
Gotta blast! It’s Linny Neutron.

Jeremy Lin debuts another timeless hairdo False
Blame game True
New NBC music video aims to teach kids kindness False
Unilever rejects Kraft Heinz mega-merger False
Billionaire buys $26 million private garage in London False
Rotating Dubai skyscraper will allow guests to swivel their rooms 360 degrees False
A crash course on White House chief strategist Steve Bannon's eclectic career history: False
This guy plowed snow on an ATV while wearing a bikini because Canada True
CEO responds to 7-year-old girl who asked "Google Boss" for a job False
#IslamicState suicide bombing at #Pakistan shrine leaves at least 75 dead (Photo: AP) False
Liam Payne calls Drake "genius" after catching his London show (see the pic) False
Political cartoon comparing Betsy DeVos to civil rights icon Ruby Bridges sparks backlash False
Aetna CEO: Obamacare is in a death spiral and more insurers will flee in 2018 False
President Trump says H&amp;R Block will be unhappy with his tax plan False
The lessons we can take from 'It Can't Happen Here' True
Girl, 16, among three charged over terror plot to attack Eiffel Tower False
Were there any real winners at the Grammys? True
School boy from #Mumbai run over by school bus. Dies on the spot! :( #Nerul False
Just some straight-down-the-middle, non-partisan, objective news from AP's Middle East editor Dan Perry: True
More than 780 parents of transgender students are appealing to Pres. Trump on bathrooms False
Quick counts in #JakartaElection have incumbent Governor #Ahok leading and set to go into the second round of voting False
Have we finally arrived at the era of willing self-destruction in the FA Cup? | Paul Wilson  via @guardian_sport False
A dry cleaner lost this bride's 147-year-old wedding dress, so she asked Facebook for help True
EXCLUSIVE: Pence told about Flynn concerns two weeks after White House False
Somebody left their cucumber behind after this 'Fifty Shades Darker' screening False
U.S. national soccer teams unveil new red uniforms on Valentine’s Day #RedToToe False
Rumor the German Shepherd wins Best in Show at the 141st Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show. False
Our film critic, @aoscott, asked for your favorite movie romances of the 21st century so far. Here's what you said. False
Office of Government Ethics asks White House to investigate Kellyanne Conway. False
'Deadliest Catch' stars know hope is running out for lost colleagues   via @brookefoxnews False
Monkeys can learn to recognise themselves in the mirror - a key indicator of self-awareness False
...

Where to begin. True
Burger King is giving out 'adult toys' for Valentine's Day False
Psychologists have identified 10 factors that explain why and how we fall in love True
British government says Donald Trump's state visit will go ahead despite big online petition False
'Pangolin Princess' detained in China after posting images online of cooked wildlife False
What happens when a European bank is on the brink? The regime for bank rescues gives little certainty to investors False
White House says only 'logistics,' not classified info, discussed at Mar-a-Lago dinner. False
Apple teases a new show that's basically 'Shark Tank' for apps plus celebrities False
Start your day with some #Entertainment news! True
Two young girls critically wounded in separate weekend shootings on Chicago’s South Side: False
You sleep better when you’re naked. Here’s how it works: True
Joy Villa's Trump dress at the #Grammys pays off with a boost in album sales False
More than any other sport, replacing a hockey coach midseason has the greatest immediate impact False
Boom. True
EpiPen alternative to hit market at more than seven times the cost False
Eight kinds of love to celebrate on #ValentinesDay False
Can you really work off a bad diet? True
Why "Fastlove" was a great choice for Adele's George Michael tribute at 2017 #GRAMMYs False
Poland's PM is staying in hospital for the next several days after having a car crash False
Justin Trudeau will be gracious and pragmatic with Donald Trump. He has no other choice, via @TeleComment #premium False
Democrats are eyeing Icahn's potential conflicts of interest in his role as Trump's special adviser on regulation False
Happens to the best of us. True
How Mongolia, once the world's fastest-growing economy, went bust  via @BV False
Cartoon rage True
Peter Falconio murder: Girlfriend Joanne Lees finds Australian sister False
The 6 most memorable Grammy moments True
Bell-ringer survives freak accident at Worcester Cathedral False
‘Lego Batman’ tops strong weekend box office False
Northeast storm leads to nearly 1,000 flight cancellations False
Two children are killed after playing with a hand grenade and accidentally setting it off in Pakistan False
'The Lego Batman Movie' tops the first strong weekend box office of the year False
It’s not just Donald Trump feuding with the courts. States are doing it, too False
Leslie Jones baits Donald Trump on #SNL False
Hamburg Airport evacuated 'after a gas leak in the terminal leaves 50 people in hospital' False
Amazon warns that it may be penalized after a regulatory review of its Iranian business ties False
College honouring white supremacist has been renamed after a pioneering female scientist False
Massive North Carolina crowd protests Trump, anti-LGBT law False
Internet is going wild over college student’s crazy haircut  via @YahooBeauty True
Alas. True
.@iHrithik and Sussanne Khan are just good friends True
University apologizes "with heavy hearts and great embarrassment" for Hitler Valentine’s Day card False
11 Valentine's gifts for your f*ck buddy True
Putin 'considering returning Edward Snowden' to the US as a 'gift' to Trump False
Japan's flying fish makes for the freshest sashimi False
President Trump's new health secretary is already planning changes to Obamacare False
Everyone’s freaking out about Cyrus Beene on this week’s “Scandal” False
12.2 million sign up for Obamacare despite its problems False
Feds, Trump attorneys wrangle over president’s D.C. hotel lease False
Donald Trump adviser Michael Flynn 'discussed sanctions with Russian ambassador' then denied it False
Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos asks a question -- and Twitter goes nuts True
How this trader lost $50 million True
#ICYMI: Why was South Australia's power shut off during the heatwave? True
Hundreds of whales have been found dead after mass stranding in New Zealand False
Oh? True
March is near.

Where’s your squad?

Full 68-team projection: True
The ‘cash me ousside’ girl is in @KodakBlack1k’s new video

AND WE'RE ALL HERE FOR IT: False
Netflix dominates Saturday night — here's how it stacks up with rivals the rest of the week False
Woman killed during exorcism in Pakistan when 'spiritual healers' tie her to a tree and beat her with sticks False
59-year-old man dies shoveling snow in NYC after slipping and falling through a glass window, police say  #SnowStorm False
Arriva Rail North staff to consider strike action over role of train guards False
Katy Perry has hidden her new single throughout the world True
WATCH LIVE: Sen. Jeff Sessions is sworn in as attorney general in the Oval Office False
Trump says he is releasing something 'phenomenal in terms of tax' in the next 2 to 3 weeks False
We Know What You And Your S.O. Love Most About Each Other True
The day President Trump took the oath of office, he filed paperwork to declare his candidacy for re-election False
Government appears to row back on grammar school plans False
Celebrating Black History Month: Iconic civil rights moments  via @YahooNews False
Donald Trump is the second president to laud Intel's unfinished plant in Arizona: False
Watch the trailer for Sofia Coppola's Southern boarding school thriller, 'The Beguiled' False
The Queen has been in power so long, 4 out of 5 UK residents weren't alive when she took the throne False
This project called #ProjectUnbreakable aims at spreading #awareness about #sexualassault False
People are using "nevertheless, she persisted" to share examples of badass women False
The #soldier trekked through thick snow in #Kashmir with his mother's dead body so that he could bring her home False
The #BJP had made #illegal migration from #Bangladesh into #Assam a major #election issue before it came to power False
The "cave squeaker," a tiny frog not seen in decades, has been found in Zimbabwe False
Who should win the #Grammy for best new artist? Vote! False
One week.
One family.
One goal: To immigrate to Donald Trump's America False
Gymnastics doctor at center of sex abuse scandal faces child pornography cover-up charge False
Madonna granted permission to adopt twins from Malawi False
Stephen Colbert: "I'm a Bowling Green truther." The best of Monday's late-night comedy shows: False
New report from @amnesty says Syria's prisoners are being hanged after 2 minute trials True
Why you should NEVER skip breakfast to make up for last night's indulgence True
Papua New Guinea ombudsman commission fights changes to election fees False
"Handshake teacher" in viral video shares heartfelt message for parents  via @TODAYshow False
Time to pay up and give this fan a date, Genie Bouchard… False
Facebook employees are protesting Trump's immigration ban by boycotting flying False
The Guardian view on David Beckham: embarrassed more than harassed False
World's saddest Trump rally draws just 8 supporters False
Kristen Stewart drops the F-bomb during "SNL" debut False
The bedtimes of the rich and famous may surprise you True
People like her make the world better. Hats Off to her and her dog for saving lives!
#Respect #Humanity True
5-year-old girl fatally shot and her 4-year-old neighbor wounded in accidental shooting in Florida by girl's brother False
Tesla Model 3 vs. Chevy Bolt: how the two entry level electrics compare False
What's at stake in Pres. Trump's push to reverse Dodd-Frank regulations on banks False
Almost Super Bowl time. Made your pick yet?

Here's who our experts have: True
The NFL is using social media to try to attract more Chinese football fans. False
Literally just 18 really cute and wholesome Tumblr posts True
Staying Melo?

Carmelo Anthony says losses, trade rumors are “testing my will” False
Thousands of Dubai locals take to sledging as blizzards hit the Gulf with up to 10cm of snow False
A BBC presenter had to point out she never ran a torture black site for the CIA False
Kristen Stewart drops a well-timed F-bomb during her 'SNL' monologue. False
Time to try #acupunture True
US banks jump on deregulation, China tightens and RBA to hold #finance #ausbiz (pic: AAP) False
How to score some of the best #SuperBowl deals on TVs, pizza, and more True
Listen with caution 😨

Muay Thai fighter lands flying knee from hell 

🎥 False
Take a tour of Winston Churchill's underground wartime headquarters False
President @realDonaldTrump calls judge’s halt on immigration 'ridiculous.' False
.@Eminem tears into @realDonaldTrump with his new single 'No Favors' False
Here’s why malls across the US are dying True
Union official blames staffing shortage for Delaware guard death False
Icy US road pile-up caught on camera True
Jeff Sessions blamed culture, not guns, for Columbine massacre False
The soup business has grown cold. Inside Campbell’s plan to turn up the heat. False
Here’s how much the anti-Trump protests cost, at Trump paid-turnout rates False
Paris shooting: Soldier fires on attacker near Louvre museum False
Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison gets key endorsement in bid to become next DNC chair False
The real dictators of Potomac, Maryland False
I’ve lost faith in men. They seem incapable of genuine affection or loyalty True
John McCain stepped in to ease tensions with Australia after President Trump insulted its prime minister False
Chipotle said it is simplifying operations and improving customer service as it seeks to win back customers False
“We have already authorized this, meaning the law was passed almost 10 years ago.” True
How to upgrade your flight and make it CHEAPER than an economy ticket True
He took her to the hospital when she was injured in the Boston Marathon bombing. Now they're getting married. True
Volunteer fighter reportedly killed himself so ISIS couldn't capture him   #FOXNewsWorld False
A consequence President Trump probably didn’t foresee from his travel ban? Helping a Muslim American win an Oscar True
Trump threatens to defund UC Berkeley  via @YahooNews False
Fox said a Super Bowl ad showing a border wall between the U.S. and Mexico was "too controversial" False
2 incidents in recent days where people were left to die have sent the shockwaves across the country True
'So far from God, so close to the US': Mexico's troubled past with its neighbour False
Find your library cards —Kim Kardashian and Chrissy Teigen just started a book club True
Small Business Ombudsman 'fed up' with banks refusing to change their ways #ausbiz False
Celebrity conspiracy theory: Marisa Tomei wasn't supposed to win an Oscar. True
Beyonce's pregnancy photo is now the world's most "liked" Instagram post  via @TODAYshow False
Melania Trump will move into the White House this summer, says senior aide False
Don't panic! That bacon shortage you keep hearing about isn't real False
Bad Lip Reading is back!

🎥: True
Treasurer @ScottMorrisonMP won't rule out using clean energy subsidies to fund new coal-fired power stations  #auspol False
10-year-old girl diagnosed with the extremely rare condition known as "tree man" syndrome False
This guy came up with a brilliant idea for solving dinner fights with his girlfriend True
Fans were NOT happy that Lauryn Hill showed up 3 hours late to her concert False
Uganda. True
«pop» True
Could violence in #Ukraine be a precursor to something worse? False
#LordoftheRings cast reunites in a series of Instagram photos  #lotr False
Why Brady needs to answer Trump questions  via @YahooSports True
Tales from the Coast with Robson Green review: seals, eels and no bare bums False
Why investors may start driving harder bargains when U.K. companies consider refinancing True
Trump's 'sanctuary' order sets up showdown between cities and states   via @AndrewOReilly84 False
MORE: Trump nominates Judge Gorsuch for Supreme Court  via @foxnewspolitics False
#ICYMI: Why are women really choosing to take their husband's surname when they marry?  Opinion by @CatherineDeveny True
After promotions, managers must learn to shift gears True
Shutdown of Texas pipeline boosting oil prices False
Democrats will try to block Sessions and other Trump Cabinet appointees, but they won't be able to True
Solar energy employs more people than oil, coal and gas combined in America False
Imagine a Fitbit tracker for your... erm... member -- that's what #Lovely is all about True
Nintendo’s ‘Super Mario Run’ scores revenue, but CEO wants more False
Man on a sinking car desperately flings his infant to stranger True
"It made me question my sanity every day": Michael Wardian sets record in seven-marathon challenge False
Here's your first look at the female-fronted "Ocean's Eight" False
2015 WNBA MVP Elena Delle Donne traded to Washington Mystics False
Putin and Trump may meet before the next G20 summit in July False
Rihanna and Azaelia Banks appear to leak each other's phone number in heated spat over Donald Trump False
A room full of rowdy teenagers was the best version of America I’ve seen False
How a Jewish woman’s poem helped make the Statue of Liberty what it is today False
Humanity evolved from wriggling sea creatures with no anus False
Prophets of Rage attend LAX rally, declare L.A. a "No Trump Zone" False
The Defense Department has drafted a list of Iraqi citizens that it wants exempted from President Trump's ban False
.@Infosys employee strangled to death inside her office! True
Jordan's king, Abdullah II, is scheduled to have breakfast with Vice President Mike Pence False
23 songs to help you forget about the cold weather False
For these people, Donald Trump's immigration plans are personal False
The most incredible Chinese New Year firework display you will ever see True
Are you ready for 1st Semester College Hippie Malia? True
Probe of leaked audio reveals woman impersonated lawmaker's wife at GOP retreat False
"Donald Trump destroyed my life" says barred Iraqi who worked for U.S. False
Miracle milestone: premature triplets start first day of #school #goodnews  🎒 False
President Trump’s executive order on immigration: What we know and what we don’t False
The #ROFL press conference by @yadavakhilesh and @OfficeOfRG ?? False
The full text of President Trump's executive order banning refugees &amp; nationals of seven countries from entering US False
John Hurt's 143 roles have been compressed into one extraordinary four-minute supercut False
How big a problem is crime committed by immigrants? False
This $5 million mansion in the Arizona desert comes with an art collection False
Teacher in hot water after anti-Trump stunt goes viral True
Protests erupt at JFK following Trump's controversial Muslim ban: False
Meet the billionaire politicians of the U.S.: True
Woke former First Daughter Malia Obama joined the Dakota Access Pipeline protest. False
ISIS leader with a $5-million bounty on his head is wounded in military airstrikes in the Philippines False
Serena Williams Beats Venus Williams to Win Her 7th Australian Open Title False
America must lead the free world – the alternative is chaos | Natalie Nougayrède False
Donald Trump took a huge step toward his long-promised "Muslim ban" today. False
Utah judge rules Michael Jordan pushed off on Bryon Russell in 1998 NBA Finals: False
$30 BILLION HEDGE FUND: We may be at 'the dawn of a new era' False
California city bans display of Vietnam national flag on city poles False
Pence vows ‘full evaluation of voting rolls’ in closed-door meeting with Republicans, recording shows False
The green meteor exploded over #Mettupalayam, a small town in the mountainous #WesternGhats region of southern India False
Master networker @JonLevyTLB explains how to meet the most interesting people at any event False
A win-win for game day: Spinach and artichoke dip makeover False
European space bosses reveal plan for 50m high lunar 'dome of contemplation' False
How to call 5 lawmakers in just 5 minutes False
After punching a chair in tonight's game, Enes Kanter has a fractured forearm, according to Billy Donovan: False
Apollo I disaster: How three astronauts died on Earth False
Royal College of Surgeons slam plans to cut back on hip and knee replacements False
Three remain from the Class of '98.

All three are legends. True
2017 is shaping up as a volatile year False
#ICYMI: Zoos battle it out in #CuteAnimalTweetOff (Pic: @thequeenszoo)  #goodnews False
Trump's tweet about Chelsea Manning and Obama is interesting for a few reasons True
Uber passes Starbucks as business travelers' no. 1 expense, according to a new study False
Scientists are planning their own march on Washington False
Chinese company agrees to buy a stake in Premier League team Southampton  #saintsfc False
Bangladesh plants million trees to help prevent people being killed by lightning strikes False
Sean Spicer terrifies Twitter with bizarre early morning tweet False
This suffering wouldn't be funny if it weren't self-inflicted. True
Here's why it's a good time to be Elon Musk True
Chinese web users react after a photo of a publicly shamed rat went viral False
Aled Carey: Australian produces the perfect over with six wickets in six balls False
For female journalists, Mary Tyler Moore showed us the life we wanted False
Second Act. True
The Dow closed above 20,000 for the first time ever — here are some other big landmarks False
Dow Jones breaks through 20,000 for first time, buoyed by Trump, company earnings False
"It's nice to have something positive on the internet right now." True
Mary Berry triumphs and Casualty wins over Game of Thrones at the National Television Awards 2017 False
Facebook is starting to test ads in Messenger as it runs out of space in the News Feed False
Opinion: How the March for Life will highlight how being "pro-life" doesn’t stop at birth
 via @washpostfaith False
“If I do not tie #Amrika up, she will either run away, get raped or come under a bus,” her mother Savita says True
The 2017 Investment Guide: Trumponomics True
Former #Pakistan cricketers #WasimAkram, #SaqlainMushtaq &amp; #ShoaibAkhtar were all praises for @imVkohli
#ViratKohli False
E.On energy boss says Donald Trump is causing serious setbacks to climate change efforts False
A 63-year age gap! African bride, 29, marries 'wealthy' 92-year-old businessman False
Is Sprint's $200 million investment in Jay Z's Tidal the sign of a bigger deal to come? False
Trump's Supreme Court picks narrowed down to several federal appellate judges admired by conservatives False
.@LuisFonsi's top Hot Latin Songs: Vote for your favorite False
Imagine having outrages that are this First World. True
Amazon's Oscar nominations put the streaming service a step ahead of Netflix False
This is a very unfortunate wax figure of Ryan Gosling False
12 ridiculous things that actually happened on "The Bachelor" last night True
If you’re behind on retirement savings, here’s how to catch up True
👌 True
President Trump reinstated the Mexico City Policy on Monday. Here's what that entails: False
Britain accidentally fired a nuclear missile at Florida and now there are claims it was America’s fault False
Australia and New Zealand to pursue 'TPP 12 minus one' False
#KamalHaasan along with others #tweeted this unexplainable video of a #cop setting an auto on #fire. @ikamalhaasan True
This Chinese company wants to be the Intel of personalized medicine: True
Nas' new clothing line will benefit the National Black Child Development Institute False
RIP Bimba Bose: The Spanish Singer has died at age 41 False
The CEO of Dippin' Dots just responded to 5 years of angry tweets from Sean Spicer True
Tillerson passes preliminary Senate vote to become secretary of state False
Katie Rich, a writer for “Saturday Night Live,” has been suspended for a tweet in which she mocked Barron Trump False
White House press secretary Sean Spicer holds a rapid-fire first press briefing False
Britain's 20 most 'crap' towns - and why we love them True
#Doctors reveal #stent makers are striking #secret hospital #deals to sell at #inflated prices True
President Trump just told the CIA the U.S. should have stolen Iraq's oil False
Tom Brady, please explain your giant fucking jacket False
How cartoons portrayed the Women’s March and Trump’s historic weekend False
Hollywood appears poised to avoid repeat of 2016's #OscarsSoWhite False
What the Navient lawsuit means for your student loans: False
Number of U.S. women taking maternity leave unchanged for two decades False
One of France's most wanted terrorists is arrested after handing himself in False
"Alternative facts" become a talking point during Donald Trump's first weekend in office False
Helen Mirren’s Instagram is the most delightful thing you’ll see today True
People can’t deal with this cute toddler and her #WomensMarch sign True
.@chelseahandler nixes two-party politics: 'I'm not a Democrat anymore' False
I tried different types of spanx and here’s how they actually make my body look False
Dalai Lama expresses hope for Trump-Putin relationship False
Chris Wallace uses photos to confront Trump chief of staff over false crowd-size claims False
After the US, far right says 2017 will be the year Europe wakes up True
Future Politics: Austra review – glossy sounds and soaring vocals False
Eat peppers, live longer? True
Watch @BigSean perform "Bounce Back" on #SNL. False
India Andhra Pradesh train crash leaves 12 dead and many injured False
Inside Mozart's birthplace in Salzburg, Austria, a skiing region which plays his music on the slopes False
Trump thinks government is just like business – but he's about to get a big shock True
1,000-year-old monastery in Sudan reveals monks had their flesh RIPPED off before burial False
People with high emotional intelligence are masters of influence False
Four more 'miracle' survivors are pulled from Italian hotel buried in an avalanche False
See all the best moments from the #Trump420 demonstration, complete with 4,200 free joints. False
Just one day into @realDonaldTrump's presidency and changes can already be felt. True
Seeing a lot of pink hats today? The "Pussyhat Project" is part of the #WomensMarch False
Champagne and Guy Fawkes masks: An inauguration party for Donald Trump in Russia True
33 per cent of adults diagnosed with #asthma by their physicians did not have active asthma False
From boo birds to the NFC Title Game: Matt Ryan has turned the Falcons into contenders False
See President Obama's final moments at the White House  via @TODAYshow False
Former President Obama thanks staff: "This has been the privilege of my life" False
.@KendrickLamar, @Adele, @Rihanna, and more say farewell to Obama. False
Violence and destruction flare up in D.C. amid #inauguration False
Mexican drug lord ‘El Chapo’ to face U.S. judge after extradition False
'This Is Populism': @TuckerCarlson, @brithume, Chris Wallace &amp; @DanaPerino on @POTUS's #Inauguration. #Trump45 False
People have a lot of feelings about Kellyanne Conway’s inauguration outfit True
Members of the HBCU performing at #InaugurationDay are undeterred by criticism: False
Mini-Donald Trump steals the show at pre-inauguration festivities False
#IIT Is helping the #IndianArmy detect underground tunnels used by #Pak terrorists False
Russell Westbrook, who is averaging a triple-double, reportedly won't start in the All-Star Game. Here's who'll be: True
Correct. True
Behind Obama’s legacy of caution on Syria: the view that the war wasn’t a direct threat False
People have descended on Washington to witness, celebrate and protest since 1793. But how are those crowds counted? False
Stung by departure of Durant, Russell Westbrook is learning how to lead, says @KevinDing False
France will allow under-18s to watch films featuring real sex False
Royal Mail's share price falls after Brexit uncertainty leads to fall in business mail and junk mail False
On-demand audio steaming surpassed digital music sales for the 1st time in 2016 False
Nice try, #Microsoft! True
What you should really know about every major hacking story True
Northwestern MutualVoice: The new entrepreneurial face: Minority business women False
Some colleges have more students from the top 1% than the bottom 60. Find yours. True
How Jay Leno started Adam Carolla down the path of media stardom:  #ForbesPodcasts False
Former Pres. George H.W. Bush and former first lady Barbara Bush hospitalized in Houston. False
The forecast won’t budge — rain seems inevitable for Trump’s inauguration False
Mom blasted for encouraging toddler to pole dance in viral video True
Credit Suisse will pay a $5.3 billion settlement over pre-crisis mortgage-backed securities False
17 times Jack and Karen were the real stars of "Will &amp; Grace" False
Crude prices fall on fears over U.S. shale output False
Unicorn lattes are the next rainbow bagels. False
NFL denies barring Lady Gaga from talking politics ahead of Super Bowl performance False
White House press secretary Josh Earnest: The "role of journalists in our democracy has never been more important" False
You big babies! Giant sumo wrestlers wince as they receive a flu jab True
President Obama will hold his final press conference as president this afternoon. False
Citigroup Q4 EPS $1.14 ($1.12 expected) False
The Obamas have begun moving possessions into a luxury new home ahead of their White House exit False
Dad didn't know daughter came from kidnapping True
Island nation of Palau only wants rich tourists to visit   via @FoxNewsTravel False
Mohamed Aboutrika: Egypt adds ex-footballer to terror list False
Watch Live: Orlando police announce capture of officer shooting suspect False
This cat hanging with his boys took the best selfie of all time. False
This man went abroad and brought back a disease doctors had never seen True
Don't fly a drone during the inauguration unless you want to pay a huge fine False
#ICYMI: Top #news stories from the day False
Meghan Markle is getting to know her boyfriend’s family, including Duchess Kate False
.@priyankachopra is all set to make an appearance on @karanjohar's #KoffeeWithKaran &amp; we are super excited False
Libyan dissident wins right to sue UK government over rendition False
Fight for compensation over land Aboriginal war veteran Herbert Lovett was refused @abc730 False
Celebs to descend on Washington for anti-Trump mega-rally   via @brookefoxnews False
How the Hubble Space Telescope changed the Universe: True
Roy Williams reaches 800 career victories with UNC's win vs. Syracuse False
UPS tweeted -- then deleted -- a bizarre MLK Jr. Day message True
These 8 men are richer than 3.6 billion people combined True
Bill Belichick responds in typical fashion to Mike Tomlin calling the Patriots "A**holes" False
You shouldn't necessarily change your investments under President Trump: True
How the gender pay gap compares around the world: False
European leaders shocked as Trump slams NATO and E.U., raising fears of transatlantic split False
Soon after the Packers beat the Cowboys, Super Bowl LI tickets plummeted 20 percent. False
8 men own more than half the world's wealth True
Stunning new NASA image reveals Jupiter's 'great red spot' megastorm in detail False
.@FCBarcelona wants to retain #Messi False
New Obama/Biden memes are here to help you survive inauguration week True
Vet, assistant mauled to death by 3 lions on Jordan reserve False
Jennifer Hudson and Brie Larson to announce Oscar nominees False
Warren Buffett in new HBO documentary: ‘I’m getting down to salvage value’ False
Phil Jackson's ghostwriter is taking shots at Carmelo Anthony. False
Isn't that kind of an admission of where your army is located? True
HE GONE!

Dion Lewis took a kick back 98 yards to the house in the 1st

🎥: False
NFL divisional round: Houston Texans v New England Patriots – live!  via @guardian_sport False
Boots recalled after owner discovers swastika footprints False
A sleep doctor reveals why melatonin isn't a sustainable, or safer, sleep aid False
'We need to pay very close attention to what’s happening in Europe' False
Ben Affleck's description of his Live By Night sex scenes will leave you very confused False
Obama, once reluctant to speak about race, found his voice after deaths jolted the nation. Here's how he evolved. False
.@wizkidayo and Drake reunite on the new banger 'Hush Up the Silence.' False
"Oh, wow!" Mom, dad and newborn baby all share a birthday False
China voices economic fears about Donald Trump presidency False
Hillary Clinton is out in public again after the election, and New Yorkers are loving it False
Trump is set to violate his D.C. hotel lease and the agency holding it has no plan False
NSW Government to apologise over #Granville train disaster 40 years on False
The world's elite will be in Davos next week. But they keep getting things wrong False
No one understands our new era of reality-TV populism better than Andy Cohen False
Northwestern MutualVoice: Don't make this common investing mistake True
Ryan Reynolds named Harvard’s Hasty Pudding Man of the Year False
The "heinous" case of a child whose mother allegedly kept him locked in a bathroom for months False
US Senate to probe Russian 'hacking' False
Will L.L. Bean see a long-term impact of Trump's endorsement tweet? False
Honey traps True
NFL announces Chiefs-Steelers to play at a new time due to a major ice storm False
Richard Ayoade is the new Crystal Maze host False
Tech giant apologizes for a sexually graphic game involving female staff kneeling False
Bryan Cranston steals the show in a Kanye West-inspired soap opera False
South China Sea: China warns US over islands 'confrontation' False
The Coen brothers are planning their first TV series, a mini-series set in the Old West False
#China #trade weaker than expected as #exports fall again False
People power True
From Prince tees to Vivienne Westwood, these are 5 vintage trends making a comeback in 2017 True
Well that escalated quickly...

Goalie fight in hockey game results in one-punch KO

🎥: False
Kim Kardashian's fashion icon may just be one of your favorite characters from 'The Office' False
Bella Hadid unfollows Selena Gomez after the singer's spotted kissing The Weeknd True
Donald Trump is playing a dangerous game in alienating intelligence agencies False
Donald Trump just used his presidential power to advertise L.L. Bean False
Why do killer whales and humans go through menopause? True
BuzzFeed sells $25,000 in 'failing pile of garbage' merchandise, donates proceeds to press-freedom group False
Rex Tillerson suggests the U.S. should stay in Paris climate agreement False
Ohio woman pleads guilty to involuntary manslaughter in dad’s fatal heroin injection: False
Trump slams 'sick people' for contentious Russia intel False
Who’s No. 1? 

B/R's top 30 shooting guards at the halfway point.

Rankings: True
Former Miss USA charged in boyfriend assault True
Former Celtics player Orien Green arrested for alleged breaking &amp; entering, sexual assault False
Ex-British intelligence officer said to have prepared dossier on Donald Trump identified False
More home buyers backed out of offers in 2016 False
Cambodia's water people evicted from city sewer with nowhere to go False
Unsurprisingly, celebrities were not impressed with Donald Trump's press conference True
Italy launches international search for new director of the Colosseum in shake-up of cultural heritage sector False
My body is ready: True
Drug stocks plunge as Trump threatens to force price bidding False
Now we know why Sasha Obama was not at @POTUS' farewell address True
George RR Martin says he thinks Winds of Winter will be out this year False
How tolerant. True
Trump wants to restock Guantánamo. Who’s the ‘worst of the worst’ now? | Frankie Boyle False
A bumblebee gets new protection on President Obama’s way out False
All French banks have refused to meet me, Marine Le Pen says False
Rusty Patched bumblebee is first bee in continental US to be listed as endangered False
Republicans ask if they should take Trump's newest demand on Obamacare repeal literally False
Oreo Cadbury eggs make your candy stash seem so weak False
Jeff Sessions now admits grabbing a woman by the genitals is sexual assault False
Mexico again reiterates there is "no way" the country will pay for @realDonaldTrump's pledged southern border wall False
Warring neighbours delight the internet with their intense 'sign war' True
Chris Christie's State of the State address to focus on deadly drug epidemic False
Come on, man! It's 2017! True
The #StrangerThings kids have a lot of celebs in their fan club False
Critics say Donald Trump appointees can dodge a huge tax bill. That's not the case. True
Cold weather stuns sea turtles near Texas as volunteers try to warm them up False
Donald Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner is to work as his “senior adviser,” it has been confirmed False
J.K. Rowling says criticizing Donald Trump is both a "pleasure" and a "duty" False
Students are calling for white philosophers to be dropped from university curriculum False
This is why women in India still don't report sexual assault. True
One Dairy Queen owner lost his business after going on a racist tirade. False
Predicting 2017's biggest blockbusters: True
Bernie Sanders on Jeff Sessions: “I’m going to listen to what [he] has to say..." #SandersTownHall False
FACT CHECK: AP Fact checks are now beyond parody. False
Fitbit wants to launch its own app store “as soon as possible” False
Opinion: Meryl Streep called out Trump’s bullying and lies. Trump just hit back — with still more lies. False
Merkel's government is on guard against cyberattacks, spokesman says False
MLK's daughter praises Meryl Streep's speech about Trump's "disrespect" False
"The single most important motto of our team is to stay cool and calm just like #MSDhoni," said #ManpreetSingh False
Winter weather death toll rises in Europe False
Sherlock takes a turn for the morbid in 'The Lying Detective' - spoilers True
Texas man gets drug charge cleared after suspected meth turns out to be kitty litter False
The hot $1 accessory on #GoldenGlobes red carpet  via @YahooStyle True
Trump's Cabinet nominees get their day before Senate, as partisan wrangling intensifies False
Pres. Obama tells @GStephanopoulos Obamacare will survive beyond his presidency  #thisweek False
#PuppyBowl XIII: Meet the puppy players! False
.@realDonaldTrump accepts #Russia engaged in US election cyber attacks, chief of staff says False
Martin Shkreli's Twitter account suspended after he posted creepy photo collage False
Rahul Gandhi tweeted about his #vacation and this is what followed True
Study says zombies would wipe out humans in less than 100 days  via @LiveScience False
Two controversial abortion bills in Kentucky have been passed by the Republican-led state legislature False
TfL warning: Londoners travelling this afternoon face being stranded, as 'worst strike in a generation' begins False
People like stuff, but unsustainable sourcing of that stuff has been damaging to Earth. Someone mapped the damage. False
Phones, guns and sodas: What you need to know about new laws that took effect this week False
Are you ready for an entirely new flying experience? True
Very Gen X. True
Osama bin Laden's son Hamza has been put on a terror blacklist False
Aqueducts and arbours True
Golden Globes: Hollywood gears up for film and TV awards False
Jack in the Box sells 1,000 tacos per minute. Fans call them "vile and amazing" False
.@chuckwoolery Slams Hollywood Over New Anti-@realDonaldTrump Ad False
NEW: US consular officer shot outside consulate in Guadalajara; FBI offering $20,000 for information on suspect False
Adidas lays out its 2017 sneaker collab plans. False
Streetwear gets tougher at London men's fashion week False
50 Cent mercilessly trolls Soulja Boy after alleged robbery. False
#CarrieFishe's ashes placed in oversized #Prozac pill urn, highlighting star's #mentalheath battle False
Millions learning to live with historic smog 'airpocalypse' in China False
Here are the most popular investor picks for emerging markets in 2017 False
These kids toys have very detailed genitalia and people want to know why True
There might not be much more room to soar for Emirates True
So THAT'S what "OK" stands for True
#Running is the first thing that comes to mind for most, and with good reason False
What we know so far about the suspected Fort Lauderdale shooter, Esteban Santiago-Ruiz: True
Carrie Fisher's urn is shaped like a giant Prozac pill, which is so Carrie Fisher False
Here’s how to figure out your full retirement age  via @YahooFinance True
Denise Mueller grew up wanting to go fast. At 43, she went 147 MPH. On a bicycle. Experience her ride at @WSJ: False
Donald Trump is not pleased with the "Celebrity Apprentice" ratings False
11 of the highest-paying jobs at the best companies in America True
85 per cent of #Jio users will retain service even after offers end! False
'Their childhoods shouldn't be owned': readers on children and social media True
"Grow up" - US Vice President, Joe Biden urges Donald Trump False
Can a law stop distracted driving? California hopes to find out. False
Charleston shooting survivors describe emotional pain Dylann Roof inflicted False
Thai police charge 60,000 drunk drivers after horror New Year period (pic: Reuters) False
7 reminders of how ridiculous the XFL was True
BREAKING: Hate crime charges filed in Chicago beating shown on Facebook Live False
This is why everyone buys milk, bread and toilet paper when it snows True
Dear Marvel, you need to recast "Doctor Strange" because this guy is way better True
Australian junior Oliver Anderson on match-fixing charge, say reports  via @guardian_sport False
Chicago police say no Black Lives Matter connection to torture suspects, despite reports circulating on social media False
This man wore a suit to meet his new nephew because ‘first impressions matter’ True
Quick-thinking man helps save infant abducted by murder suspect False
Young migrant girls forced into prostitution and abortions in Benidorm False
Can anyone stop Disney for the Golden Globes’ best animated film? "Zootopia" and "Moana" will battle it out. False
She just can't catch a break. True
Hulu's live TV service will cost less than $40 per month
 #MashCES False
Illinois man has rape charge overturned after 24 years False
Fox Business host Trish Regan was groomed by Roger Ailes as replacement for Megyn Kelly False
American Pharoah announces he’s a new dad on Facebook False
All 124 episodes of @alwayssunny, ranked True
.@isro will beat its own record by launching 103 satellites in one shot! False
Volvo loses its place as Sweden’s top-selling car False
Revlon announces Gwen Stefani as its new global brand ambassador False
Oil is on the way up again after taking a tumble False
16 cringe-worthy stories about sex True
Trump’s trade rep pick gets some actual praise from progressives False
#ICYMI: Top #entertainment news from yesterday False
Everyone is PRETTY sure Soulja Boy got robbed on IG live: False
Report: Trump looking into revamping aerial surveillance program at border False
2-year-old saves twin brother from fallen dresser False
Pelosi: Republicans showed their 'true colors' trying to destroy ethics office False
Knicks coach Jeff Hornacek didn’t appear to be a fan of Melo calling his own number 👀

🎥: False
#BottleRock Napa Valley 2017 lineup includes Foo Fighters, Tom Petty, Maroon 5 &amp; more False
Touching move by Pop #SagerStrong False
A graft investigation is testing Netanyahu's years-long hold on power False
Toddler being loaded into car seat shot on New Year’s Eve, authorities in Kentucky say False
Twitter’s Bruce Daisley on social media humour and JK Rowling False
Arnold Schwarzenegger's 'Celebrity Apprentice' makes its debut False
Here are some of the victims of the Istanbul nightclub massacre False
U.K. manufacturing PMI rises to two-and-a-half year high False
‘Off the shelf’ bone replacements offer life-changing help to landmine victims False
Joe Mixon's OK teammates appeared to make light of his assault case during a game. False
Round-the-clock federal manhunt underway for escaped inmate False
A look at the great Australian technology revival False
Billie Lourd posts touching Instagram tribute to Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds. False
Syrian band Musiqana brings music of Aleppo to Berlin False
Tourist boat captain arrested over claims he was FIRST to jump ship when it exploded False
The latest NBA Power Rankings from @ESPNSteinLine have the Rockets and Celtics making moves: False
Dolphins or Steelers? Raiders or Texans? Giants or Packers? Lions or Seahawks?

Make your playoff picks here: False
The world's fastest motorcycle has been given a modern-day makeover True
Pre-teen Nigeria suicide bomber detonates explosives early; second bomber lynched False
The North American movie box office raked in a record $11.4 billion in 2016 False
Colombia frees eight child recruits from the ELN False
These 2017 'polar bear plunge' pics will give you chills False
Chief Keef returns as a producer and a rapper on ‘Two Zero One Seven.’ False
Luckily for the world, Donald Trump only has to get the big decisions right False
Would you sacrifice returns to invest in socially responsible companies? False
A 2017 tech-policy forecast: Washington slams the 'undo' button False
Why this big wave surfer is only interested in tackling the biggest monsters True
PHOTOS: New Year's Eve celebrations around the world False
135 films got 'A' certificate from Censor Board True
#Indonesia tourist boat fire kills 5, nearly 100 passengers need to be rescued, authorities say False
New Year celebrations ring in 2017 around the world False
As Trump praises Putin, many Americans, accustomed to be suspicious of Russia, are confused and uneasy False
Two Louisville players listed on ESPN graphic with "gunshot wounds" out from Citrus Bowl. False
This state trooper was shot dead while responding to a report, police say False
Ronda Rousey loses again; what now?  #ufc207 False
#Cabinet documents detail resistance to allowing #homosexuals to serve in #Australian #military False
How was your 2016? False
22 hilarious drunk people who won 2016 True
Turkey detained Wall Street Journal staff reporter Dion Nissenbaum for 2½ days False
Obama expels Russian chef from SF consulate for being a spy False
JUST IN: Russian hacking malware was found on Vermont utility computer False
New on @Medium: Why every generation feels entitled True
Watch Live: Florida bald eagles await hatching of 2 eggs False
.@1future makes it rain in "Drippin" video False
Scientists have apparently discovered what makes the perfect breasts True
Child asks Alexa for something other than porn, she gives porn. False
Serena Williams engaged to Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian False
.@Pentatonix's "That's Christmas to Me" surpasses 2 million sold in U.S. False
Early detection is to thank for the decreased rates of melanoma, especially in New England False
In an instant messaging world, a delayed response is anxiety inducing False
10 resolutions that will help you build a stronger career in 2017: True
Why Russia-brokered Syrian ceasefire has chance of succeeding False
How to celebrate New Year’s in every time zone False
President-elect Donald Trump is writing his own inaugural speech False
Obama sanctioned Russian intelligence agencies, expelled 35 suspected Russian intelligence operatives from the U.S. False
2016 is coming to an end... which artist dominated the year? Vote! True
Murdered woman's sister supports executing ex-soldier in potentially historic move False
Busted. True
The Jets’ Christian Hackenberg is taking a redshirt year in the NFL. False
HOLY SH*T. 

This guy fought off a cougar to save his dog. True
ISIS supporters call for lone wolf attacks in cinemas, malls and HOSPITALS False
Six ways wine will change in 2017 True
7 bucket list holidays your family should take in 2017 False
These are the top #entertainment stories from today True
These pictures of homeless people sleeping in empty graves sent shockwaves across Iran False
Met adjusts New Year's Eve policing plan after Nice and Berlin attacks False
#Berlin market attack: #Tunisian man released after German authorities find no link to suspect False
"Ninjas came to my home and killed my family," boy tells police after Alaska slayings False
Recommendation to block a pioneering cancer treatment from being available on the NHS branded as ‘disastrous’ False
Meet #AnjaliLama, #Nepal's first transgender model to walk the ramp at an international fashion week False
Lil B links up with Metro Boomin on the new track “My House”: False
Fears grow for Uzbek princess as she's usurped as nation poster girl False
Trump says Sprint will bring back 5,000 U.S. jobs* False
Kerry: With one state, "Israel can either be Jewish or Democratic — it cannot be both" False
Here's how the auto industry won 2016 True
Drake and Jennifer Lopez revive romance rumors with photo  via @TODAYshow False
How the constant threat of war shaped Israel’s technology industry False
Tunisian man arrested over links to Berlin Christmas market massacre False
Police: Former student who fathered son with teacher killed both False
200 descend on Philadelphia mall in disturbance planned on Snapchat: False
Small airplane seats may soon be a thing of the past False
Neighbourhood watch True
How much wealth will you have 30 years into retirement? False
The important distinction is that they couldn't even conceive of how it might offend. True
Hundreds of refugees 'are returning to squalid camps' near notorious Calais Jungle False
Justin Bieber's biggest moments of 2016 False
Iraq gunmen kidnap campaigning female journalist False
Elizabeth: The Forgotten Years by John Guy – review False
Thai man impaled in the groin by a metal spike after falling 32ft after a shower False
WARNING SIGN? #China's 1st aircraft carrier enters #SouthChinaSea | #FOXNewsWorld False
Luxury travel trends that will dominate in 2017: True
Thanks, 2016: The world's fastest land animal is even more threatened than we thought True
Without fail. True
No matter how much free time you have this holiday, we have TV recommendations for you True
President Obama: Democrats need to show Americans they care and are "bleeding for these communities" #AxeFiles False
Wedding dresses you would never know were made from toilet paper True
Why are so many celebrities dying in 2016? True
Netanyahu in "no doubt" Obama orchestrated U.N. vote on Israeli settlement building False
.@Airbus group has shown interest in establishing a helicopter manufacturing facility in #Gujarat False
Mohammed Shami: India cricketer defends wife against Twitter trolls False
George Michael: His life in photos  via @YahooMusic False
Awful. True
Remembering Wham!'s "Last Christmas" on Christmas Day. #RIPGeorgeMichael False
Dolly Parton, Cyndi Lauper, Kenny G &amp; more share their favorite Christmas songs False
The country everybody will be visiting in 2017 True
What are the top-selling holiday songs? True
Damn, critics really hate Will Smith’s new movie “Collateral Beauty” False
#ChristmasDay quake forces thousands to evacuate coastal areas in #Chile (pic: AP) False
Netanyahu reprimands nations that voted on U.N. settlement resolution False
How VR technology is being used to catch the last surviving Nazi war criminals False
In space, no one can hear you scream with excitement. True
Video: Syrian war turns jewel of the ancient world into rubble  via @BillNeelyNBC True
The Guardian view on democracy: an uncertain year | Editorial False
How you can cut 600 calories from Christmas dinner without ruining the flavour True
Executions and death sentences plummeted this year as capital punishment declined nationwide False
Russian military plane vanishes from radar False
Boston mayor says Trump's victory is in part backlash to African-American progress False
Browns HC Hue Jackson delivers emotional speech after their first win of the season 

🎥 False
Terry Bradshaw critcizes Mike Tomlin: "I don't think he's a great coach at all." False
Critical letter about 'CS:GO' league gets player cut from team False
Chris Pratt as Santa Claus is exactly what you need today True
24 tweets that will speak to your petty soul True
WATCH: Live look at the Empire State Building lit up to celebrate the holidays False
Gruesome ISIS video shows Turkish soldiers burned alive True
Piers Sellers, climate scientist turned astronaut, dies at 61 False
Analysis: Donald Trump really might start a trade war False
Watch an artist carve a hotel suite out of solid ice True
Trump takes reins early, assumes major role in negotiations at home and abroad False
Can you have an unbranded Christmas? Here's why some consumers are cutting up their clothes True
Trump shares a "very nice" Christmas letter he received from Vladimir Putin False
BREAKING: J.R. Smith reportedly expected to miss 12 to 14 weeks with broken thumb False
Most Brits just might have some common sense. True
Video shows white Texas cop arresting black mother who reported assault on her son False
Chris Pratt Is The Last Thing We Can All Agree On True
What the actual... 😂

Tiger Woods dresses up as "Mack Daddy Santa" for his children False
This tweet alarmed non-proliferation experts who said doing this would fuel global tensions.
@realDonaldTrump True
People love this girl’s joyful response to her boyfriend gifting her an empty box False
WATCH LIVE: CBS News Special Report: Berlin truck attack suspect shot dead by police near Milan, Italy False
German investigative files obtained by CNN shed new light on the terrorist network behind the Berlin attack False
Florida hockey player closes in on record True
#ICYMI: Snowstorm hits #Sahara for first time in nearly 40 years False
This hole is also known as the ear #pit and connects the ear to the #sinuses inside
#ThisIsIT @healthmeup True
11-year-old Florida girl hailed as hero after calling 911 during home invasion. False
Early week California prison riot leaves four prisoners injured False
China is absolutely dragging Matt Damon's 'The Great Wall' False
Russia Josef Stalin: Outspoken grandson is 'found dead' False
Yasiin Bey (Mos Def) makes magic at homecoming show at Apollo Theater False
Clothing buyers, fed up with logos, reach for the scalpel False
Mariah Carey’s new website launches today and we have the exclusive first preview True
Odell Beckham Jr. calls out the NFL for fining him over Craig Sager cleats: False
Climate scientist wins major court battle just in time for Trump administration False
Duke suspends Grayson Allen indefinitely for tripping opponent False
Miss. black church fire was called a hate crime. Now parishioner has been arrested for it. False
.@iamsrk feels none of his performances deserve a #NationalAward 😱
- False
Manhunt for Berlin terrorist intensifies as officers arrest four of his friends False
Donald Trump seemed to suggest that the Berlin attack vindicated his proposal to bar Muslims from entering the U.S. False
Iraq’s Kurdish province Kirkuk says it’s willing to reduce oil output amid the OPEC deal False
Blunders that let Berlin Christmas terror suspect run free after killing 12 and injuring 48 False
"Ted Cruz says Democrats will be history’s biggest ‘obstructionists.’ About that …" False
Women bear the brunt as finances and families are undone by India's cash crisis False
Police make truther videos about the Dakota Access Pipeline protests: False
18 hilarious pictures you’ll get if you’ve ever taken an exam True
Idle hands... True
“That’s what’s incredible to me... here we are, 15 years on, and we’re still not getting that’s what’s at work here” True
Ancient winter solstice "sun trap" may be a modern invention: False
“Flip or Flop” to end in 2017 following separation of hosts Tarek and Christina El Moussa: False
Death toll in Mexico fireworks market explosion rises to 32 False
Boston mayor says Trump's victory is in part backlash to African-American progress False
Conservatives get a voice in the federal government, liberals start understanding the meaning of #2A. Feels good man False
Trump's doctor grants interview, then later issues threat to reporters if they publish it False
German investigators started a nationwide search for the Berlin attacker after releasing their initial suspect False
Are these the most #trolled baby names of our time?
#ThisIsIT True
Indonesian police kill three thought to be linked to attack plot False
Tech giants pledge to keep children out of cobalt mines that supply smartphone and electric car batteries False
Breaking: 26 killed in explosion at Mexico's best-known fireworks market False
Lack of awareness of grape choking hazard puts children at risk, say doctors False
Eyeing Trump, Obama takes new action to ban Arctic drilling False
Priorities USA positions itself as center of gravity for the left in the Trump era False
President Obama expected to ban oil drilling in large areas of Atlantic and Arctic oceans False
Cupid's arrow delivers bad news for restaurant chains  via @Bfly False
Dancing for a cause: Kiribati’s climate activist Olympic weightlifter  via @guardian_sport False
We want to hear your best career advice: Join us in 1 hour using #AskForbes False
Berlin market attack suspect released True
Ohio man gives control of his home's Christmas lights display to strangers on the internet. False
"People attacked bank branches when they were told that the banks had no cash to give." #DeMonetisation False
Trump's immigration plan could cost the U.S. billions False
JUST IN: Man in custody in Turkey after firing gun in front of US Embassy, State Dept. official says; no one harmed. False
'Walk of shame' True
Diplomatic assassinations have a long and tragic history True
How college football's biggest stars are changing the game by sitting out False
You can still sign up for health insurance today False
20 rising web development and design blogs to follow next year: True
Russian ambassador to Turkey shot and killed at art gallery by man shouting about Aleppo. False
A truck has run into a Christmas market in Berlin, police say False
.@TeganandSara launch justice-fighting foundation for LGBTQ girls &amp; women False
#ad How to heat up your style during the cold season. True
Obama: I suspect Trump's definition of political correctness is 'different than mine': False
Russia bath lotion kills 33 drinkers in Irkutsk True
Mid-year budget update shows these aren't ordinary times, writes @IanVerrender #MYEFO #ausbiz False
Mongolia wants approval from India to build an oil refinery and pipelines for $1 billion False
Scientists just discovered more 3.6-million-year-old early human footprints in Tanzania: False
Tim Duncan gets honored by Spurs with his No. 21 on their socks before retiring his jersey. False
On @FaceTheNation, Kellyanne Conway questions Obama's motives on response to Russia hack False
48 Yemeni soldiers dead in IS-claimed bombing False
What will change for your finances in 2017  via @YahooFinance True
Hollywood legend Zsa Zsa Gabor dies at 99 False
Think we've already crossed that threshold, Juan. True
Man meets dream girl at Vikings stadium two years ago, buys legacy brick for proposal plan. False
Odell does it again, makes crazy 1-handed touchdown catch vs. Lions

🎥: False
Wheels! 🏃🏾

Tyreek Hill takes it 68 yards to the house! 

🎥: False
Watch #SNL host Casey Affleck get a little help from his friends Alec Baldwin and John Goodman False
The @hallmarkchannel knows what you want for Christmas True
When killer cops go on trial, their juries are disproportionately white False
.@nbcsnl's latest Donald Trump skit features a shirtless Putin emerging from the chimney with a sack of presents False
For @KellyOsbourne, there’s no place like home for the holidays False
As Primark expands in the U.S., here's some bargain shopping advice from London True
91 colleges that give every freshman a scholarship False
10 ways to beat holiday stress with fitness and nutrition True
Russia’s tradition of Reindeer wrangling False
Ta-Nehisi Coates perfectly explains how racism helped Donald Trump win the presidency False
New cars could be required to 'talk' to each other as soon as 2020: False
Smart power. True
Money managers all agree one trade is really crowded, but they're loading up on it anyway True
All hail the cat men! False
Grandmother covered in hundreds of tumors says she wants to die False
POTUS on Syria: "Responsibility for this brutality lies...with the Assad regime and its allies Russia and Iran." False
President Obama is speaking at his final end-of-year press conference. Follow live: False
Dutch Green party targets tax avoidance to try to push back against populists False
Minnesota football players state "the boycott will remain effective" until all 10 suspensions have been lifted. False
Would Christian Siriano dress future first lady Melania Trump? False
Rogue One's director went to some unusual lengths to get that gritty, war film feel right False
Here's how bananas are coming to the rescue of the #tribal economy in #India.
#ThisIsIT True
He spoke about what "percentage of bribes" were paid to former IAF chief #ShashindraPalTyagi
# AgustaWestland False
Supreme Court to take up appeal of men convicted in 1984 gang murder: False
Universities forced to publish real ATAR requirements or face funding cuts False
Georgia RB Nick Chubb will return for senior season False
Brazil’s president announces measures to boost economic growth False
Movement for third gender option "exploding" in U.S.  via @NBCOUT True
Trudeau to be questioned over reports of fundraisers offering privileged access False
A weather geek's guide to why it's so freaking cold outside True
Amid a bond rout, extra-long debt has a timely ally: Pensioners False
Well, that's not cool. True
Based Feminist vs. Zombie Galadriel False
Everyone forwarded this viral Santa story. But it might not be true. True
CenturyLinkVoice: Get your daily fiber...network False
Minnesota suspends 10 players for violations False
The surprising secret behind Costco's majorly popular golf ball line: True
This Inkblot Test Will Reveal Your True Self True
In pictures False
ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson plans to step down to prepare for Senate confirmation False
Syrian rebels: Deal to evacuate fighters, civilians from eastern Aleppo is back on False
Out of every 100 people in your country, how many do you think are Muslim? False
British Airways braces for pre-Christmas strike False
WATCH LIVE: Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen makes interest rate announcement False
Message to @realDonaldTrump? @KingJames Sports a Safety Pin in SI Cover Photo False
Donald Trump can be blackmailed by at least five countries, investigation finds False
This artist has created comic book covers for “Black Mirror” and they are dope AF False
Everyone loves this man's brilliant dancing to the BBC News tune True
The Eiffel Tower will go dark in solidarity with Aleppo False
Turkey may limit foreign-currency loans to minimize lira risk False
Anti-dowry summit sparks call for Australian law against ancient tradition False
JUST IN: Actor Alan Thicke, iconic TV dad from "Growing Pains," is dead at 69 False
Wall Street banks can breathe a sigh of relief following the Fed's latest guidance False
Have you decorated your Christmas tree yet? If so, we want to see it #TeleXmas True
After reports of civilian slaughter, Syrian rebels say Aleppo cease-fire has been reached False
Meghan Markle opens up about being a biracial actress False
This video of LeBron going nuts to Kendrick Lamar performing is amazing: False
Soviet leader Gorbachev says a new union could rise again False
A Trump economic boom? The Fed may stand in the way. False
Air pollution in #Gurugram spiked between Sunday &amp; Monday, showing an increase of 116% in the concentration of PM2.5 False
Uganda's Rwenzururu King Charles Mumbere charged with terrorism False
Suspect arrested after 2 officers shot during traffic stop in Georgia: False
Suspect arrested after two police officers shot during traffic stop in Georgia. False
Seth Meyers rips @realDonaldTrump's response to Russian hacking revelation ⏩ by @lee_moran False
President-elect Donald Trump says his businesses won't do any new deals while he's in office False
Major League Baseball bans the practice of hazing rookies by making them dress as women False
Attorney for Will Smith’s family: "Verdict will bring little peace" False
Pre-election: If Trump wins, will he quit before he's inaugurated?
Post-election: Quit before you're inaugurated! False
#ICYMI: Top #entertainment stories from the day that was
#ThisIsIT True
How Bleak Is Your Town’s Christmas? True
Icy weather possible early Saturday in Washington False
What does the Google Pixel XL offer that the iPhone 7 Plus can't? True
Reindeer are shrinking, and scientists say climate change may be the cause: False
The Rams have released a statement on firing Jeff Fisher after their eighth loss in nine games: False
.@JohnLegend to perform at 2017 @NBAAllStar game halftime show False
Lionel Richie and Mariah Carey are hitting the road together next year False
Massive winter storm wreaks havoc on travelers, canceling more than 1,000 flights False
Could squid and chips replace the usual fish supper as stocks flourish? 
 #BBCGoFigure False
El Chapo's henchmen dug TWO tunnels to spring him out of prison False
Chinese media calls Trump 'ignorant' after Taiwan comments False
Deck the halls with a look back at the Kardashian Christmas cards through the years False
Jeff Fisher ties Dan Reeves for most losses in NFL history False
These are the world's worst tax havens True
A proposed law would let guns inside the Seattle Seahawks' stadium False
.@SnoopDogg's Puff Puff Pass tour salutes weed &amp; West Coast hip-hop in Los Angeles False
Dolphins HC Adam Gase fears QB Ryan Tannehill has a torn ACL False
Labor lashes 'callous' Cormann for saying paid domestic violence leave is 'another cost' to economy False
Said &amp; Done: ‘I am only guilty of one thing: protecting Leeds United’  via @guardian_sport False
“The more exposure I get, the more hate I get. Which I guess comes with the territory.” False
Good news for those in cattle class: Australia just got direct flights to Europe False
Boko Haram has claimed responsibility for suicide bomb blasts that killed dozens in Nigeria False
Smells like a PR stunt tbh True
Donald Trump is expected to select Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson for Secretary of State. False
BREAKING: Two loud explosions heard near a sports stadium in Istanbul False
This Hillary Clinton quote was the most shared US tweet in 2016 False
This Japanese artist creates life-size animals from thin rolls of newspaper False
How will Amazon Go handle group shopping? False
19 signs you've finally turned into an adult True
28 adorable PJs that will get you pumped for Christmas True
Morgan StanleyVoice: Retirement and the coming longevity crunch False
More than 50,000 Americans died from drug overdoses last year, the most ever False
Cancer tumor found in mouth of giant beast that roamed Earth 255 million years ago False
"Newcomers are reported to yell loudly and smash liquor bottles during services" False
Rudy Giuliani withdraws name for consideration in Trump administration False
Pro tip: Don't ask a woman out who just interviewed you for a job False
The wait is over... The UK’s greatest ever sportsperson has been revealed True
The Guardian view on the Sleaford byelection: May’s day, Corbyn’s calamity | Editorial False
Rupert Murdoch returns for Sky as Fox makes a new takeover approach False
7 ways you're completely killing your iPhone battery True
2 teens plotting "Islamist-motivated attack" arrested in Germany False
MEET THE YOUTUBE MILLIONAIRES: These are the highest-paid YouTube stars of 2016 False
.@calgaryzoo investigates mystery death-by-drowning of seven penguins False
The rising price of naloxone, an opioid overdose antidote, could cost lives: False
Fed officials are leaning toward bigger is better on balance sheet False
Kobe and Vanessa Bryant welcome their third baby girl: False
.@BrysonTiller on 2017 #Grammy nomination: "It was a shocker" False
As we head into the NFL homestretch, @billbarnwell has a viewer's guide to the biggest games left.

One is tonight. False
Brazil’s iconic Christ the Redeemer statue is suffering from a lack of cash False
Opinion: Liberal democracy is facing its worst crisis since the 1930s False
Inside Amazon's plan to put Alexa into as many devices as possible: False
This woman was threatened with murder because she uncovered her hair in Saudi Arabia True
TrumpShavesVincesHead.gif True
Listen to @YG's new song “Trill" f/ Lil Wayne. #20Before17 False
Aaron Hamlin: If we want birth control for men, the time is now #premium False
The best social media reactions to NBC's #HairsprayLive True
Madonna's Carpool Karaoke is here and, well, you just need to see it for yourself True
Inmate serving life sentence escapes from South Carolina prison, correctional officials say. False
Aleppo battle: Assad says victory in city would be 'huge step' False
Israelites in Egypt may have turned hieroglyphs into letters 3,800 years ago False
Mark Hamill had NO idea Carrie Fisher and Harrison Ford were boning during 'Star Wars': False
First US Somali lawmaker gets 'Islamophobic threats' in taxi False
29 gifts that even the most heartless people would adore True
"Long live Italy": Italian prime minister Matteo Renzi to step down False
1 officer killed, another critically injured after shooting near Georgia Southwestern University; suspect at large. False
You can now use multiple phone numbers on a single phone through T-Mobile False
Britain's manufacturing output falls by most in 8 months as pharmaceuticals slump False
Guys, check out the sheer size of this leatherback sea turtle True
#ICYMI: a roundup of top #entertainment stories from the day
#ThisIsIt True
When a mom didn’t sell any of her knitted goods at a fair, Twitter decided to buy it all 💕 False
Pop star turned religious preacher Junaid Jamshed was on the plane that crashed in Pakistan, his manager confirms False
On the #PopShop Podcast, @MartinGarrix talks about how music has taken him around the world &amp; what's next False
Guard fires gun shots in air to disperse crowd at a #bank in #Punjab.
#Demonetisation False
While announcing Grammy nominations, Meghan Trainor opens up about boyfriend Daryl Sabara: False
Meet LiLou, San Francisco airport's first therapy pig for stressed fliers False
#ICYMI: More #BNEStorm action on the way after early morning light show (Pic: Rebeka Powell) False
Watch this slow-motion pile up unfold on an icy Montreal street True
#Education minister open to importing maths, science teachers from overseas False
Texas releases an abortion booklet with debunked claims False
Politicians avoid integration issues for fear of being seen as racist, Sajid Javid says False
“We need to be evaluating how all #American foreign aid is spent,” he said True
Here's what happened when a French billionaire built a free coding school in California True
Ikea says that long-term employees could get up to four months of paid parental leave False
Instagram is changing comments in a big way False
Footballer scores world's sneakiest penalty in truly stylish fashion True
'No-one knew it was so toxic': Remote town #Collarenebri in shock over #moonshine deaths False
How Victoria's Secret Angels unwind after the show  #VSFashionShow True
Bob Dylan is skipping the Nobel ceremony, but sending a speech False
Vin Diesel: 'Guardians of the Galaxy' director @JamesGunn wants a Rocket and Groot movie. False
Say it ain't so! True
Steven Yeun of "The Walking Dead" marries girlfriend Joana Pak False
Bill Cosby deposition admitting giving women drugs can be used in court: False
Don't confuse Italy with Brexit or Trump  via @BV False
Josef Fritzl's house is bought by a woman who runs a local strip club False
End of the supermarket queue? Amazon opens shop with no tills that automatically charges you for what you take False
Hey you, start your New Year’s resolutions right now True
TRUMP: 'I would have far less reason to tweet' if the media covered me 'honorably' False
Baseball’s Matt Kemp lists his California ‘dream house’ for $11.5 million False
Quote of the day: False
The U.S. Supreme Court will take up racial gerrymandering case True
America's health care tab nears $10,000 per person, according to a government report False
Burberry has rejected multiple takeover offers from Coach False
Tim Roth: my father and I were abused by my grandfather False
Kim Jong-un's wife is spotted, eight months after disappearing from public view False
Wyoming police to dole out donated money for good deeds False
.@Barnaby_Joyce calls for more relaxed restrictions on Adler shotgun @abc730 #auspol False
Top duets from real-life couples True
Referendum result may lead nowhere for Italy's Five Star and Northern League False
No effect of #Demonetisation here True
Man armed with assault rifle detained at D.C. pizza restaurant, police say False
North Carolina abortion providers fight for ground amid growing hostility False
A timeline of Tyga and 21 Savage's beef over Kylie Jenner. False
Nobody in my party wants to stop this nosedive! True
Beautiful National Geographic photos show how Americans in every state spend their downtime False
General Tso's Chicken creator dies in Taiwan aged 98 False
Fidel Castro's final resting spot shrouded in mystery False
World capitals are banning diesel cars! Should Delhi follow suit? #Pollution False
Weed business set to be one of U.S.'s fastest growing job generators False
Buzz Aldrin: Altitude sickness forced South Pole evacuation False
Europe could be heading for its first far right leader since WWII False
40 years later, a look back at "Rocky," a small-budget film that grossed $117 million and took home Best Picture: False
Afghan teenager detained in rape, slaying of German student False
We went behind-the-scenes at Pixar HQ False
Europe could be heading for its first far right leader since WWII True
Charles Barkley has an, um, interesting take on the Golden State Warriors True
All your "Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life" questions, answered True
#ICYMI: Anti-slavery groups petition @TurnbullMalcolm to end modern #slavery in Australia. False
Trump's choice for education secretary raises questions False
Man who allegedly admitted to killing football star #JoeMcKnight released without charges False
21 of the most powerful photos of this week True
The sun is totally your smiling dad True
300 Carrier jobs Pres.-elect Trump touts for staying in Indiana were never moving to Mexico. False
How the internet gave birth to "troll politics," Brexit and president-elect Trump True
The gap between Americans and Canadians in the NHL is smaller than ever False
Escalators in Parliament will be set to travel in reverse to get MPs to their votes faster False
Is Trump Tower now the worst address in America? False
The funniest parenting tweets this week 😂 True
Kyrie Eleison. True
Amazon dominating holiday shopping False
Clinton’s campaign team accuses Trump strategists of appealing to white supremacists False
SAPVoice: How Mexico City became a hotbed for startups False
Donald Trump's biggest fan is worried he won't follow through on immigration 'promises' False
Watch a koala bear and a porcupine sing Carly Rae Jepsen False
Tom Ford on why he won't dress @MELANIATRUMP: True
'Guardians of the Galaxy' will get the Telltale Games treatment False
Thai Crown Prince Maha Vajiralongkorn proclaimed king False
Rihanna and Prince Harry are the hottest couple that never were False
Pres.-elect Donald Trump warns companies there will be "consequences" for leaving the U.S. False
Surprising gesture for 100-year-old lobster True
Hillary Clinton wasn’t charged with mishandling classified information. Trump might appoint someone convicted of it. False
Indiana to give $7 million in tax breaks to keep 1,000 Carrier jobs in the state False
These are the top 20 party cities in America True
Gambia has shut down the internet False
Fitbit said to be buying smartwatch maker Pebble False
#ICYMI: major #news stories from the day that was True
Judge allows jury to consider manslaughter in Walter Scott trial False
Pakistan’s prime minister, having survived Supreme Court corruption ruling, now faces pressure to step down False
Acid attack survivor, 26, marries her sweetheart after he stood by her when her family disowned her False
French presidential hopeful Le Pen names nationalist as prime minister | @FoxBusiness False
Meet the man who is taking illustrated jabs at the president through magazine covers True
The parody accounts that make Twitter bearable in the era of Trump True
Bahamas festival organisers promise refunds False
The $30 BILLION race to create an AI sex doll that 'never says no' True
Is South Africa heading for civil war? True
Humpback whales dying at alarming rate off East Coast  #FoxNewsUS False
Tokyo briefly halts subway trains after North Korea missile test False
The Magic intend to offer their president of basketball operations position to Cavaliers GM David Griffin. False
Dale Earnhardt Jr. opens up about retirement plans  via @YahooSports False
A big winner in Trump's first 100 days? 'Fox &amp; Friends' False
Can Georgia's dedicated liberal women turn a red state blue? False
Elon Musk reveals his plans for ending traffic in big cities around the world: tunnels False
Democratic senator asks State Department watchdog to probe Mar-a-Lago "promotional" material True
geez guys, i was only joking about DRUMPF thinking about those girls sexually DON'T U GET IT False
North Korea test-fires ballistic missile, South Korean media say False
times are tough. should i turn off the heat a few nights or stop paying retired sportsballers to lecture me on blm? False
J.J. Watt reached out to Antonio Brown to make sure his brother is taken care of. False
.@CillizzaCNN writes that not even Donald Trump can make House Republicans get along False
George H.W. Bush released after latest Houston hospital stay False
Congress has avoided a shutdown — for one week False
The big sneaker brands turned down Lonzo Ball and it's not a surprise: False
Tracking President Trump's flip-flops from almost 100 days in office False
Bail to #PreetiJain, 2 others with precondition of payment of fine imposed; bail of Rs 15,000 to be furnished: ANI False
The uncomfortable question for Trump critics True
Supreme Court justices alarmed by the government’s hard-line stance in U.S. citizenship case False
Emilia Clarke reveals what she has to be more secretive about: 'Game of Thrones' or 'Star Wars' False
NEW MUSIC ✨🙌🏾

❤️ @sza x @trvisxx ❤️

"Love Galore" True
CBI warns against Brexit divorce bill row putting EU-UK trade ties at risk False
Survivalist sentenced to death for murder of Pennsylvania state trooper False
A #wrapup of top #entertainment stories from the day that was True
It turns out CPR will bring a drowned lizard back to life, too. A couple of times. True
ICYMI: #Police feared extremists slipping through counter-terrorism program, FOI documents reveal False
Browns make a BIG splash in @CSimmsQB's final mock draft False
Here's how markets reacted to the Trump tax proposal False
Why Trump's tax reform will actually worsen the trade deficit: False
IS conflict: Iraqi force 'retakes ancient city of Hatra' False
Astonishing Amazon 'anumeric' people whose language has no words for NUMBERS False
Doritos now has bags that play the Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 soundtrack False
Move over Dubai: Doha is about to be the Middle East's next big destination True
Should the new, NHRA-banned 840-HP Dodge Challenger Demon be banned from public roads, too? False
Sony/ATV execs focus on songwriting skills at Billboard Latin Music Conference 2017 False
There's a costly difference between urgent care centers and freestanding emergency rooms False
Louisiana lawmakers advance bill to abolish death penalty False
Inside the insanely lavish Airbnb homes Drake and Lady Gaga stayed in for Coachella False
Wells Fargo holders re-elect bank’s directors but send clear message of dissatisfaction False
10 dishes you cannot leave the Netherlands without eating True
This surprising factor could be a gold mine in your next negotiation: True
Missed the most important #news stories from yesterday?

Read on! #Newswrap True
Faye Dunaway says she felt 'very guilty' about Oscars envelope fiasco False
There's a snake hiding in this photo and we're never going outside again True
Huge robbery sparks gun battles in Paraguay and Brazil False
Tasmanians told war should be 'last resort' as young flock to service #AnzacDay False
Astronaut Peggy Whitson breaks US space record, gets call from @realDonaldTrump False
Senate confirms Sonny Perdue as agriculture secretary: False
Tebow is a 29-year-old Single-A player, but he made magic happen True
Quake overturns tradition False
Anzac Day: Stay across the commemorations in our live blog False
Talks between Adrian Peterson and the Saints progressed over the weekend, but no deal is done, sources said. False
Macron struggles in the French media spotlight False
Shocking moment a rapper was gunned down in a hail of bullets during a concert True
11 quick facts about a potential government shutdown True
The nations of the world spending the most to prepare for World War Three True
#KapilSharma is now accused of plagiarism! False
Chris Evans is latest Hollywood star to read an adorable Bedtime Story False
How Lionel Messi showed he is the most complete player ever: the guts, the glory, the goals False
India Maoist rebels kill 24 CRPF policemen in Chhattisgarh False
Don't discount Macron's youth and inexperience: commentator False
South West voters: Tell us what issues will decide this election False
Government backs driverless car trials in London False
New atmospheric phenomenon named Steve discovered by aurora watchers False
- French election
- Euro jumps
- Yen retreats
- Asia stocks rise
- Gold drops False
Thanks a lot, 2017. True
this is gonna piss off the left rullll bad True
Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen set to win first round of France’s presidential election False
No Regrets: 96 Percent of Trump Voters Stand By Their Decision False
Students who are more competitive are more likely to be anxious False
Save thousands of dollars a year by investing in these 10 smart home solutions: True
Mohamed Sanu set a great example for a young hockey player

The parents appreciated it 📝 False
Jeremy Corbyn is set to unveil plans to create four new bank holidays False
The new 'Silicon Valley' season exposes a common dilemma in the tech industry False
Not only is Miley Cyrus is Marvel’s next movie, but she may be coming back for another one False
How to fulfill your dream of surfing down the edge of an active volcano: True
🤔 False
Steve Martin on teaching you (and himself) how to be a comedian True
Las Vegas police capture exotic rodent on the loose in parking lot (via @gma): False
Happy Days actress Erin Moran dies at 56 False
Airliners of the future may sport some very unusual designs  via @NBCNewsMACH True
Women in science share important advice for the next generation  #marchforscience False
JUST IN: Erin Moran, who played Joanie Cunningham on "Happy Days," dead at 56 False
Major finance leaders grapple with globalization fears False
Dudu Tassa and the Kuwaitis on Radiohead tour: "This is a chance that you don't miss" False
'Hobbits’ in Indonesia may be one of the earliest forms of human False
Dwyane Wade's son and nephew are on the same HS team balling out

🎥: False
Vietnamese villagers free police hostages False
The latest eliminated queen from "Drag Race" opens up about her time on the show True
There is a new cloud over the deals the estate of pop singer Prince has signed since the star's death a year ago. False
Utah judge who praised rapist probably isn't going anywhere False
Former University Professor Suggests the NRA Is 'More Dangerous' Than ISIS False
Ancient stone carvings confirm that a comet hit Earth 13,000 years ago False
Florida state senator resigns after using racial slur in tirade False
India visit 'very productive' despite controversy, says Sajjan False
Labradoodle Cooper reunited with owner after boarding wrong flight False
Donald Trump sued for repealing environmental rules in landmark challenge False
You'll never unsee this Katy Perry and Guy Fieri mashup True
STOCKS CLOSE FLAT: Here's what you need to know False
At least 12 people dead after night of looting and violence in Venezuela False
These are the phrases President Trump relies on most True
A look back at Prince's iconoclastic style False
An alcohol-fueled obscenity and racial slur-laced tirade have cost a Miami senator his job: True
This sleep doctor is calling for later school start times True
43 visits 41. False
The most expensive homes you can buy in 28 countries True
how moderate and reasonable True
President Trump predicts Paris attack "will have a big effect on presidential election" False
Arkansas has conducted its first execution in nearly a dozen years, the first of several it plans before month's end False
Listen to @BIGBABYDRAM's new single "Gilligan" f/ @asvpxrocky and @therealjuicyj. False
Drinking diet soda every day could hurt your brain, a new study finds False
👮📱💵💅 True
What's happening with Bitcoin and where it's heading next: False
Former teacher accused of kidnapping "troubled" teenager captured at a remote California cabin False
Damian Lewis on diversity: 'As an actor educated at Eton, I'm always in a minority' False
French election: Candidates make final TV pitch False
Volleyball games appear to take place at North Korean nuclear test site False
Chuck Grassley says he expects a Supreme Court justice to resign this summer False
Plan Your Funeral And We'll Tell You How You Die True
How pro-EU politicians in France and Germany are escalating the fight with nationalists True
#ArjunKapoor's sister #Anshula requests @arunjaitley to make #sanitary napkins #tax-free False
Tensions with North Korea are still simmering despite diplomacy talk: False
Pres. Trump's approval rating bumps up slightly to 40 percent, according to new poll: False
Supreme Court justices show support for church, in Gorsuch's 1st high-profile case False
Government expected to commit more than $1 billion to building inland rail False
Daddy Yankee is set to perform at the 2017 Billboard Latin Music Awards False
How Trump's proposed Social Security payroll tax cut can kill the retirement benefit: False
Wells Fargo CEO says it would be "crazy" to oust majority of the board False
North Korea: Pentagon addresses confusion over strike group False
Spicer defends Trump saying an aircraft carrier was headed toward North Korea when it was really near Indonesia False
WATCH LIVE: President Trump welcomes New England Patriots to the White House True
Martin Shkreli wins ruling splitting his fraud trial from his ex-lawyer's False
Donald Trump forgets Paul Ryan's name, calls him Ron twice False
this is good True
With the rightwing papers leading the election charge, May need only follow | Anne Perkins False
Surgeon who cut off four-year-old's penis while carrying out circumcision is CLEARED of negligence False
BREAKING: Former Patriots player Aaron Hernandez found dead in jail cell: False
Only A Geography Genius Will Get 50/50 On This State Capitals Quiz True
The era of #VIP culture comes to an end as PM @narendramodi  bans 'lal batti'. #VIPs False
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin says tax reform unlikely to happen by August False
still a whitewash tho True
In freak accident, falling tree takes the life of a Capitol Hill worker: False
This rivalry should be fun. True
LIVE: Yahoo earnings True
fin. True
15 fascinating facts about North Korea True
Watch Carrie Underwood surprise her husband's NHL team with an unannounced National Anthem False
IMF upgrades UK growth again as Theresa May hails economic strength False
The Georgia college student seen on cell phone video being beaten by 2 police officers says he feared for his life False
Ethiopia rejects UN investigation over protest deaths False
Sam Willoughby, Aussie #BMX star, back on the bike as he continues recovery from spinal injury False
Daughter of man gunned down in Facebook video: 'I saw the fear in my father's eyes'  via @GMA False
Dana White says Jon Jones/Daniel Cormier could fight at #UFC214 False
This woman got her hand stuck in a 🚽  so badly that she had to call the 🚔  🚔  🚔 True
First woman to officially run Boston Marathon finishes race again at 70. False
Most people will eventually give up their jobs to robots, including intellectual labor, a @CNNOpinion writer says False
Even @imVkohli is crazy about dogs! False
Theresa May hails Prince Harry's decision to speak out over mental health struggles False
10 things we want to see in 'Fast 9' True
9 surprising ways meditation changes your brain True
Watch @LOSCAFRES' new video "Perdón" (exclusive premiere) False
Don't forget about Dray. True
Cabinet ministers 'want to scrap Britain's commitment to foreign aid' False
Judge who blocked use of execution drug blasted for anti-death penalty protest False
Two Detroit police officers wounded in a shooting while investigating a burglary False
House foreign affairs chair says North Korea is still on its way to being able to hit the US with a nuclear missile False
Theresa May urged to honour climate and wildlife commitments False
Trump administration won't release logs of visitors to the White House False
Paris's Chez la Vieille is serving up classic bistro fare again. Try their veal stew recipe at home False
#ICYMI: #Easter celebrations around the world, in #Photos (Pic: AP) 🌎 📸 False
Hello ... again True
A suicide prevention net will save lives on the Golden Gate Bridge False
Trump To Be First President Since Reagan to Address NRA Forum False
In tweet, Pres. Trump says "someone should look into who paid for" tax return rallies: False
Everything you need to know about "S-Town," the new podcast sensation False
Way to go, @WhoSunilGrover! Best of luck. 😎🙌 False
Egypt court acquits charity worker Aya Hijazi False
North Korea's unsuccessful missile launch 'may have been thwarted by US cyber attack' False
Jazz hit buzzer-beating floater to pull off huge Game 1 upset over Clippers False
Adoring North Koreans celebrate in front of gleeful leader Kim Jong-un after their Day of the Sun celebrations False
.@KendrickLamar's best sh-t-talking lyrics from "DAMN." False
Kelvin MacKenzie pays price after Sun takes eye off the ball False
She saved 434 runaway children in one year. All hail Rekha Mishra for her stellar work! #Respect @RailMinIndia False
.@1future brings out @Drake, @Migos, and @tydollasign at #Coachella. False
Running may be the single most effective exercise to increase life expectancy False
Trump is raising money toward a bid for a second term earlier than any incumbent president in recent history False
Nevada approved syringe vending machines to combat the heroin crisis. False
Trump will keep list of White House visitors secret False
This swimwear model is becoming a professional kickboxer True
Maxine Waters' political career makes her uniquely suited to take on Trump False
The 5 Bollywood films coming out this summer that are must-see: False
Trump gives generals free rein on ISIS fight False
Large asteroid is heading for Earth fly-by True
Homeland Sec. Kelly: N. Korea cyber attack could threaten U.S. False
Blue Apron has been dinged for a “serious” safety violation. Again. False
Steve Lacy on working with Kendrick Lamar: "I still haven’t fully gripped what I just did" False
British exchange student fatally stabbed on tram in #Jerusalem  (Pic: AP) False
Time to lock in 🔒

NBA power rankings heading into the playoffs False
Report: Teacher continued to work despite sexual assault claims  #FOXNewsUS False
Quiz: Fliers, do you know your rights? True
Big ideas: the airline mess, provocative views from Bridgewater's Dalio. Plus @domino's win! True
Pilgrims following in Jesus' footsteps could be taking the wrong path True
This mother received a sweet surprise from a stranger True
CNN’s Jeffrey Lord called Trump the MLK of health care. He then had a very long day. True
Tech tools can help rental car drivers avoid — and contest — traffic tickets False
‘Big Cats’, brand reviews and the rampant commercialism of the Lions | Gerard Meagher  via @guardian_sport False
Trace the journey of one of the world's rarest and largest diamonds  (via @CNNStyle) False
36 ISIS militants reportedly killed by U.S. 'mother of all bombs' attack in #Afghanistan False
Nintendo’s Switch console has strong first month in the U.S. False
Giants respond to allegations against Eli Manning False
Build Your Ideal Boyfriend And We'll Guess Your Favorite Starbucks Drink True
Filipino Catholics whip themselves and re-enact gruesome crucifixions as they seek forgiveness in ritual False
Mar-a-Lago hit with 13 health violations in January False
Turns out, a lot of people liked that Kendall Jenner Pepsi ad False
12 artists we can't wait to see at #Coachella🌴 True
GOP Lawmakers Ask AG Sessions for 'Fresh Look' at Lois Lerner Case False
Sen. Bernie Sanders predicts Donald Trump will only be a one-term president: False
Jimmy Kimmel suggests the perfect vacation spots for Bill O'Reilly False
Damian Lillard boldly predicts "Blazers in 6" in playoff series against Warriors. False
Xi to Trump: China wants peaceful solution to North Korea issue False
what an own True
Middle-aged people should consider taking magnesium supplements to protect their bones False
Before-and-after photos show California landscapes making a comeback after years of drought: False
After finishing as low amateur at the Masters, Stewart Hagestad wants to go back to school   via @wsjsports False
Betsy DeVos rolls back Obama-era student loan guidance False
Carter Page says surveillance order would have been based on 'false evidence' False
Samsung's Galaxy S8 arrives at a critical time for smartphones False
Nato 'no longer obsolete' - Trump False
Injured ants get rescued after sending chemical SOS, researchers find False
Kim Il Sung's 105th birthday party may offers clues for traders as to what's next False
Americans need to know Trump's endgame for Syria, Sen. Duckworth says at Illinois town hall False
"Charging Bull" sculptor says "Fearless Girl" distorts his art. He’s fighting back. False
Shrimp that produces sound louder than a rock concert named after Pink Floyd False
This 85-year-old wants to become the oldest person to climb Everest False
Video shows cop slam and beat black pedestrian after alleged jaywalking False
Mariah Carey announces partnership with Epic Records, new album for later this year False
Opinion: Fear of flying, for good reason True
.@realdonaldtrump declines to publicly declare his support for Steve Bannon False
Tony Romo dressed for the Dallas Mavericks and was introduced with the starting lineups False
An aviation lawyer successfully sued the airline that bumped him from a flight. Here are his tips for passengers True
MI5 file lays bare case of New Zealand diplomat named as KGB spy False
Does baseball need to be fixed — or is it just right as is?

Tell us how you really feel by taking our #ESPNMLBPoll: False
Hasan Minhaj of “The Daily Show” will host this year's White House Correspondents Dinner: False
Kylie Jenner is getting her own spin-off, 'Life of Kylie' False
Top issues on the table as Tillerson heads to Moscow: False
Trump is reckless – but he knows he can't afford to antagonise China False
Getting a puppy while you're pregnant could have perks for your future baby False
Politics Live - readers' edition - Tuesday 11 April True
Russia KNEW about Syrian gas attack in advance, say U.S. officials False
News anchor learns about her husband's death during a live broadcast. True
Nearly three months in, Pres. Trump's team is showing signs of decay involving key players: False
Prayer row True
Your new £1 could be worth a small fortune online True
Royals pay tribute to the late Yordano Ventura before their home opener #ACE30

🎥: False
The Big O is rooting for Westbrook, but he has some other takes ➡️ True
Hawaii sees spike in brain-infecting parasite, "rat lungworm disease": False
BREAKING: Shooting reported at elementary school in San Bernardino, Calif; at least 3 people wounded. False
Beer industry could take $2 billion hit if more states legalize marijuana False
Space station crew return to Earth in Soyuz capsule False
#jio comes up with tariff packs and exciting new offers! :o :D #jiodigitallife True
"To be remembered is to win championships." 

How Brian Cashman is working to bring the New York Yankees back up: False
Wealthy parents take children to court over £17m hoard of art and jewellery False
Ed Miliband performs a-ha’s hit Take on Me on The Last Leg skit – video False
 True
US warns Russia over support for Syrian regime after chemical attacks False
Henry Cavill auditioning in the original 'Superman' suit is a thing of beauty False
China is emerging as a major producer of important new medicines: biotech drugs False
PHOTOS: See 50 snaps from the ABC remake of 'Dirty Dancing' True
Stockholm jihadi killer says he 'achieved what he set out to do' False
Drake's 'More Life' is the No. 1 album for a third consecutive week. False
Egypt emergency after Coptic churches hit False
 False
Somalia's new military chief survives suicide car bomb attack that killed 13 people False
Indian girl found in jungle was not living with monkeys, officials say False
Somalia's new army chief survives suicide car bomb attack that killed 13 False
Conservatives hope that Trump victory on Gorsuch will breed other successes False
NASA crewed mission to Venus could pave the way for human mission to Mars False
What you should and shouldn't do when asking for a raise: True
Indian Man Accused in Multimillion-Dollar Call-Center Swindle Is Held False
Iran looks to shore up its Russia alliance after U.S. strikes in Syria False
Carrie Fisher's brother says her iconic character Leia will appear in Star Wars: Episode IX. False
 False
U.S. "prepared to do more" in Syria if chemical weapons used again, UN Amb. Nikki Haley says False
The lesson from Steve Bannon's decline? No one is allowed more credit than Donald Trump #Premium False
Hiring slowed in March, with the U.S. economy creating just 98,000 jobs. False
Eta disarms: French police secure weapons near Bayonne False
North Korea calls Trump's strike an 'act of aggression' False
California drought emergency ends... for now False
Families and lawmakers want to know more about what becomes of college students False
The Trump administration is reviewing attempts by China to buy sensitive U.S. companies False
What was Glass-Steagall? And why are people talking about bringing it back? True
Big Ben announced his decision to return on Twitter.

But most NFL media couldn’t see it 🙃 False
11 Republican lawmakers sign letter in support of arts funding False
A financial adviser why saving for the future will be easy True
Trump to make China state visit, says top US diplomat False
Fashion and culture legend Glenn O'Brien has passed away at 70 False
 True
#Malcha was mostly inhabited by #Jat farmers who now live in a village near Sonepat in Haryana called #HarsanaMalcha False
Susan Rice, Obama colleagues take heat for past claims on Syria chemical weapons purge False
Here's a list of the best-selling beers in the world False
Kremlin says Syria missile strike harms U.S.-Russian relations False
Men have higher rates of HPV compared to women, according to new CDC report. False
McLaren to 3D-print parts at Bahrain F1 Grand Prix trackside False
This couple earns a six-figure salary by traveling the world True
Florida college students get warning from wildlife officials after bringing dead alligator to their dorm room. False
America strikes #Syria: Here's what you need to know (Pic: US Dept Defence) True
Latest: U.S. strikes Syrian military airfield in first direct assault on Bashar al-Assad’s government False
Will you dominate this week's quiz to become a news wizard? (Pic: Reuters/Warner Bros) False
There has been a shake-up in trading at the world's largest hedge fund False
Rue21 is preparing to file for bankruptcy as soon as this month, sources say False
Trump China talks: Why Mar-a-Lago? Experts weigh in on host site False
Dutch men hold hands in solidarity with beaten gay couple  via @NBCOUT False
Postmortems confirm Syria chemical attack, Turkey says False
New influenza strain found in BIRDS could lead to pandemic on the scale of the Spanish Flu that killed 50 million False
Markets slide after Federal Reserve surprise and ahead of Trump China meeting - business live False
Amazon wins deal to stream the NFL's Thursday Night Football False
Shares of Medtronic rise after a report that it was close to selling its a medical unit False
This Ebay billionaire-backed startup is trying to unravel routes of informal transport True
This jaw-dropping Steph Curry highlight was actually an illegal move True
Study pays volunteers £14k to spend two months in bed to simulate conditions on the International Space Station False
Derek Jeter among bidders interested in buying Miami Marlins, per @FoxBusiness False
It was the third time he was hit by a thrown ball in just that trip around the bases. False
North Korean Ballistic missile spins out of control and plunges into the ocean False
In a rank of America's 50 favorite pro athletes, ZERO are MLB players.

Baseball has a star problem to solve — fast. False
Opinion: In Trump’s world, is it okay to use chemical weapons? Now we will find out. False
Conor McGregor's coach reveals how the UFC fighter is training for Floyd Mayweather. False
Men catch 15-foot-long, 144-pound python in the Florida Everglades False
17 nurses reveal the worst things people got stuck up their penises, vaginas, and butts True
The Internet is loving @MichelleObama's natural hair False
Women are furious because they say their LulaRoe leggings rip like “wet toilet paper” False
Tony Romo just retired, but the comeback rumors are already swirling False
With China’s Xi at Mar-a-Lago, will Trump forget Taiwan? False
🆘 This guy got high with his grandma and they ended up chatting about porn 🆘 False
Opinion: Why don't Britain’s trains run on time? Capitalism. False
Shia LaBeouf's new film took just £7 at the box office over the weekend False
Idlib attack aimed at disrupting talks, U.N.’s envoy to Syria says False
The Magic’s offseason plans may have accidentally been leaked in a tweet 👀 False
US cancer teen to watch Leicester City False
"If your toe falls off, tape it": Joel Berry II’s path to NCAA legend status False
 True
Well-wishers raise thousands for teenage asylum seeker attacked in Croydon False
Kilty pleasure: Paul Burrell’s I’m a Celebrity- and Diana-inspired tartan False
Tony Romo retiring from NFL, going into broadcasting: report False
The NCAA said the play, where UNC's Kennedy Meeks had his hand out of bounds during a scramble, wasn't reviewable. False
BREAKING: Kyrgyzstan authorities identify suspect in Russia subway bombing: False
Bhutan solves the ultimate school maths problem – and the answer is 108 False
Can playing Tetris ease our minds after a trauma? A study suggests it can. False
Are Navy fighter jets depriving pilots of oxygen? True
Can You Get 100% On This "Parks And Rec" Character Quote Quiz? True
Young Thug dodges felony drug charge, thanks to his lawyers: False
Tina Fey tells university-educated white women who voted for Trump: ‘You can’t look away’ False
 True
The Supreme Court to decide whether corporations may be sued in U.S. for complicity in human rights abuses abroad False
Ford is recalling 53,000 F-250 trucks because of roll away risk: False
35 fucking infuriating things that happen in every rom-com True
Sunderland will take no further action over David Moyes 'slap' threat False
Has Apple become self-sufficient in producing graphics for iPhones? False
Leopard shuts down Kathmandu airport after it strayed close to the runway - and it still hasn't been found False
Truck carrying 30,000 pounds of bananas crashes in New Hampshire False
John McCain calls Michael Flynn’s request for immunity "unusual from my experience." False
Donald Trump reportedly planned to meet with a Putin ally with suspected mob ties. False
IRS phone scammers are getting more sophisticated True
Fans have a pretty convincing theory about who'll die on tonight's #TWDFinale: True
Truck carrying 30,000 pounds of bananas crashes: False
Boosie Badazz show canceled following shooting that left two victims hospitalized. False
Thirteen years and 32 Grand Slam titles later, Roger Federer and Rafa Nadal meet in the final of the Miami Open. False
 True
9 habits of highly successful people, from a man who spent 5 years studying them False
Michael Jackson's son Prince pays tribute to Dad with new tattoo False
The new War for the Planet of the Apes trailer is here and it's intense as hell True
Here are the best and worst 2017 April Fools' Day pranks so far. True
Mexico may be using another cartel kingpin to gain leverage with Trump False
Driving to the South Pole is the coolest road trip you've never heard of False
Can Britain's nuclear ambitions avoid a meltdown? #premium False
NEW: 112 people confirmed dead after overflowing river rushes through city of Mocoa, Colombian president says False
How do you cash in on a partnership with the president of the United States of America? False
It's not always easy, but there are ways to help management consider your big ideas True
The history behind the web's longest-running episodic web series: True
Credit card rewards battle heats up  via @YahooFinance False
15 survivors seek more than $250 million in deadly Biloxi train-bus crash False
 True
#Tax evasion: Hundreds of Australians identified in multi-country fraud probe False
Kendrick Lamar's latest video features a woman with stretch marks—and it's gotten people talking False
Big Show has no regrets. The WWE legend opens up about retirement:  #BRmag False
Lamar Jackson isn’t the only underclassman with a legitimate shot at the Heisman next season False
Of this year's frontmen, we know who's the real MVP:  powered by @NewAmsterdam Vodka True
Wanda Sykes gets sassy in her diss of Donald Trump on "Conan" False
£18 sticks... and other signs your neighbourhood has hit Peak Gentrification True
.@jasoninthehouse on Flynn's 'Story to Tell': Congress Should Not Give Immunity Amid FBI Probe False
Recuse me? True
Textbook retailer The Coop faces membership backlash over allegations of running 'corporate clique'  #textbooks False
Master blaster @sachin_rt is all set to make his #singing debut alongside @sonunigam 😱 False
The FBI has released a new batch of 9/11 Pentagon photos False
Spain's PM Mariano Rajoy begins first big test of his new term as he seeks budget approval False
Cathay Pacific is squeezing an extra seat into each row on dozens of its jets False
McDonald's plans to give consumers a break from frozen meat True
Watch this taekwondo artist crush 111 blocks with his head in just 35 seconds True
Loneliness can make cold symptoms feel worse, study finds. False
Nearly 6,000 Americans were killed while walking last year, according to a new study False
Pres. Trump takes aim at the Freedom Caucus: "We must fight them, &amp; Dems, in 2018!" False
23 memes that'll get you through an existential crisis True
19 photographs that prove Alaska is the most beautiful place in America True
WATCH LIVE: North Carolina Governor addresses HB2 repeal False
A cat that went missing in California over 2 years ago shows up many miles away in Canada. False
Potential top-10 pick Lauri Markkanen declares for the NBA draft False
Now You Can Sign Up For The "See Something Say Something" Newsletter! False
Chilling New Trailer Of #GoT Season 7 Out - #Cersei, #JonSnow &amp; #Daenerys Take The Arena! #GameOfThrones @HBO False
If Trump really is softening his plans on NAFTA, it's a good thing for the U.S False
Victoria Beckham teases #CarpoolKaraoke sketch with James Corden False
No need to beam up to see the wonders of space, thanks to @NASA's new online image library False
Trump to meet China's Xi in Florida next week False
Samsung aims to rebound with Galaxy S8 launch False
Gregg Popovich compared Becky Hammon to Steve Kerr, says she has what it takes to be a coach False
.@OfficialMonstaX scores first No. 1 on #WorldAlbums chart with "Beautiful" LP False
Senate intelligence leaders detail Russian meddling probe False
Brexit is Britain's chance to show what Europe is really about: liberty, democracy and national diversity #premium False
Vikings HC Mike Zimmer has “no idea” if Teddy Bridgewater will play in 2017 season False
LeBron, Shaq, KD and many others each won McDonald's All-American Game MVP.

But whose performance was best? Vote: False
Cristiano Ronaldo was honored with a statue and OMG it's nightmare fuel False
"Dreyfuss says he made a mistake in voting for Hillary Clinton in 2016" 😂😂😂😂😂 False
Drake is the top musical act in the U.S. False
A ladder. Some sharp scissors. A basketball net. What could go wrong? True
People are loving this dog who came out of surgery and can't stop smiling True
Fact Checker: Sanders’s convoluted claim that Democrats are not trying to filibuster Gorsuch False
The lead @LinkedIn profile designer explains how to make your page stand out to recruiters False
This 'Game of Thrones' actor will feature in the British TV show you should be watching False
Britain to set historic Brexit process in motion; Theresa May will officially start two-year negotiation period False
Did John Podesta violate federal financial disclosure laws, or nah? True
Red Wings fail to make playoffs for first time in 26 seasons False
Elon Musk's new venture could link brains with computers True
How Pres. Trump's 'Energy Independence' executive order will impact the Clean Power Plan: False
THE INSURTECH REPORT: How financial technology firms are helping — and disrupting — the... False
Is the Raiders move a gamble or a clever entryway for sports gaming? False
Home prices are rising, but home inventory keeps falling. What that means for home buyers: True
Pretty good own. True
✨ @ValKilmer is the unexpected Twitter god you need to follow right now False
So don't harbor criminals. True
.@G_Eazy &amp; @DJCarnage roam the streets as bobble heads in #Guala False
An alarming percentage of women at UT Austin reported being raped False
#BREAKING: The storm system that was #cycloneDebbie has been downgraded to a tropical low False
Lawmakers in deep-red Kansas just voted to expand Medicaid False
Uber is betting D.C. commuters are willing to pay to slug False
Brookfield is about to make its first major move into solar power False
Chance the Rapper needs an intern / via @billboardhiphop False
Delta comes for United Airlines with sick "leggings" burn on Twitter False
#ICYMI: Does Australia have more cyclones than any other country? We explain:  #CycloneDebbie True
Why Bali is the greatest destination on Earth (so says TripAdvisor) True
Companies move to block Breitbart from running their online ads. The ads are showing up anyway. False
Gold hits one-month high False
The Final Four is set.

Who ya got? True
Adele sings tribute to victims of London terror like only Adele can False
Footage shows doctors removing 7cm mushrooms from a woman's stomach - because she didn't chew them properly True
Hedge funds are training their computers to think like you False
"It's hard to keep my feelings in check” – BBC reporter’s emotional return to Yemen False
Ken Livingstone says more politicians should worry about super volcanoes False
Grads of LifeVoice: The changing nature of work and how smart companies are adapting False
David Pogue tested 47 pill-reminder apps to find the best  via @YahooFinance True
"Saying no is easy, leading is hard": Texas congressman resigns from Freedom Caucus after health-care drama False
Here was my favorite moment of SXSW 2017 False
Is #Australia on the brink of becoming a completely #cashless society? 🤔 #cashlesseconomy True
2 former Baylor football players arrested in connection with gang rape claims False
Trump tweet hyping "Judge Jeanine" show wasn't criticism of Speaker Ryan, aides say False
Roger Stone tells @ThisWeekABC: "I’ve had no contacts or collusion" with Russia False
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn given 15 months to save his job by major union backer Len McCluskey False
Meet the 25 new billionaires who made our #ForbesBillionaires list for the 1st time in 2017: False
OPEC warns members to comply with oil-production cuts False
UK police still think Westminster attacker acted alone False
Vegas Strip reopens after gunman surrender, fatal shooting False
'We got hate mail from eight-year-olds': Dance Academy writer on creating kids TV False
"We've got guys that compete, but some of us don't compete. Some of us just think about scoring." True
Why America and China need to deal with Kim Jong-un together  (Pic: KCNA) False
Speaker Ryan: Obamacare will "remain the law of the land" after health bill failure False
No, this was not a knockout

He wasn’t even touched 🙃

🎥: True
Baby joy for former X Factor judge Cheryl and One Direction star Liam Payne False
Shaq's former Lakers teammates remember when he showed up to practice totally naked. False
Rougned Odor, Rangers agree to six-year, $49.5 million extension, per @JonHeyman False
A new study has discovered something that makes cockroaches even more indestructible True
The time to schedule a doctor's appointment has jumped 30% False
The health care bill has failed. Let the finger pointing begin. False
More extreme weather is coming after record 2016 heat, @WMO says False
Newborn baby, toddler found stabbed to death in N. Carolina False
Morgan StanleyVoice: Active management reemerges as economic trends shift False
This good news for Irish taxpayers may be bad news for Irish investors True
“Misha was our first project together," says @shahidkapoor.
@shahidkapoorFC False
Florida 84, Wisconsin 83 | Overtime: Chris Chiozza’s Buzzer-Beater Sends Florida Past Wisconsin in Overtime False
India v Australia: fourth Test, day one – live!  via @guardian_sport False
Transgender political hopeful reinvigorated by Trump False
South African astrologer fights to legalise 'magic' mushrooms False
25 cheat sheets that make cooking healthier less of a freaking chore False
They'd be much safer atop a big, beautiful wall. True
NFL teams aren't the only ones hoping to hire the talents of Cowboys QB Tony Romo. False
Will the House vote soon on the GOP's health care bill? Here's what to watch for True
v spoopy True
New Zealand minister challenged to fight over dirty water False
New Jersey's most expensive home is back on the market for $48.8 million False
'I won't interfere in French elections', promises Putin False
Revised GOP health bill still leaves 24 million more uninsured by 2026, CBO report says. False
New Zealand SAS 'could have committed war crimes' during attack on Afghan village  #Afghanistan False
The intelligence agencies’ Russia investigation is a hall of mirrors, writes @DanHenninger False
Starbucks gives corporate employees 3 times more maternity leave than baristas False
Restaurant's 2-way mirror captures selfie obsessed  via @YahooStyle False
Press Sec. Spicer: “Nothing leads me to believe” health bill vote will be delayed False
Israeli policeman is filmed headbutting, kicking and slapping a Palestinian lorry driver False
Ford slashes its guidance False
Students rescue drunk man from Massachusetts rail tracks False
Among the 7 meat-processing units sealed in #Meerut, two are owned by political heavyweights of the area True
Aging mobster arrested in car torching road rage incident False
Beyoncé FaceTimed with a fan who is battling stage four cancer. False
#India set to triple the amount of nuclear power it produces by 2024 False
#London attack: In pictures - How the #Westminster attack unfolded (Pic: Reuters) False
He's 45. True
Evening Briefing: Here's what you need to know at the end of the day True
Adam Schiff slams Devin Nunes over disclosure of Trump wiretap claims False
Drake got a Sade tattoo False
Conor McGregor's reduced punishment should open the door for him to apply for a professional boxing license. False
Ed Sheeran's #ShapeOfYou &amp; 4 other songs that added writers after release True
Phife Dawg changed my life, and probably yours too 🙏  by @N_C_B False
This is how much worse the world's #watercrisis is getting. #worldwaterday True
American Air is in advanced talks to buy China Southern stake, sources say False
Hey, here are some people who really, really should not run for president True
Trump's net worth has dropped $200 million since his election win False
Brexit with no trade deal would cause 'significant damage' to service sector, say Peers - Politics live False
Scientists say climate change IS real with 'no room for doubt' False
For the 26th year in a row, the Labrador retriever is America's most popular dog breed. False
Drunk pilot faces prison sentence after pleading guilty True
A live performance and Q&amp;A with the indie rock band Real Estate False
Experts find what may be the earliest color film of the White House grounds False
The inside story from beginning to end of the stolen jersey. True
Catch up on the #GorsuchHearing with our full play-by-play here: False
Migrant crossing season begins and it's 'worse than ever' False
This homeless guy went viral after getting a makeover and then his whole life changed True
David Rockefeller, Billionaire Businessman and Philanthropist, Dies at 101 False
Wyclef Jean reportedly handcuffed by L.A. deputies after being mistaken for robbery suspect False
Theresa May urged to stand up for BBC after ‘Trump style’ claims of Brexit bias from her own MPs False
#Freedomofspeech callout prompts massive response #18c False
Pope Francis asks for Catholic church to be forgiven for role in Rwandan genocide False
1 in 4 American workers have less than $1,000 saved for retirement, new report says False
Adam Schiff says there's direct evidence of "deception" between Trump camp, Russia False
Welp True
Ousted S Korean President Park Geun-hye to be questioned False
Honestly, if YOU were a Backstreet Boy, what would you name YOUR child?? False
Camera catches 2-year-old twins having epic party after bedtime True
Pretty soon we'll be getting food delivered by these robots False
Prom dates are assigned by lottery at this high school (via @YahooStyle) False
In Trump they trust: meet the global tycoons who make up Trump's empire  #ForbesBillionaires False
Zoo sues advertising agency for using raccoon in 'erotic' video False
This new startup wants to help you sell your home...using their money. Uh, sure? True
The ‘yellowface’ row proved British theatre is stuck in the past - but could a new play bring it forward? #premium False
MORE: Comey confirms FBI probing if Trump campaign colluded with Russia False
Watch Lance Bass join the Backstreet Boys on stage in Las Vegas False
Beijing installs facial recognition in toilets in a bid to combat tissue thieves False
Sick of excessive traveling for work? Perhaps you have a case in court True
The Texas AG sued to keep a Bible quote in school. Now he’s troubled by Muslim prayers. False
One more crime in the indictment: George W. Bush gave us Trump False
Philadelphia’s Cinco de Mayo festival is canceled amid fears of an ICE raid False
Netmarble looks set to score South Korea’s biggest IPO since 2010 False
stun
ning
andb
rave True
Dozens of people have died in blazes linked to skin creams containing paraffin False
Coal is the deadliest energy source per kilowatt False
*Only* five? True
#Hazelwood closure leaves major energy black hole, electricity prices will inevitably rise  Analysis by @CUhlmann False
Travis Scott's mother jokingly dragged him for his Twitter typos in hilarious text exchange. False
Osborne editorship spurs review of U.K. lawmakers in second jobs False
Delighted despot Kim Jong-Un beams as he watches a 'revolutionary' new rocket being tested False
Catching up with designer Betsey Johnson, fashion's free spirit: False
Our complete guide to completing your taxes: True
#MSDhoni's phones have been stolen. They contain important information relating to #TeamIndia! False
Market drift suggests some investors may be trading on U.K. economic data ahead of release False
Woo-hoo, bank error in your favor! But, can you keep the cash? True
Bloomberg-backed group wants more low-income students graduating from college  via @NBCLatino False
Todd Fisher shares details about Debbie Reynolds, Carrie Fisher memorial False
One more crime in the indictment: George W. Bush gave us Trump False
.@ericbolling: 'RINO' Establishment Must Get Out of the Way of the 'Trump Train' False
Barry Sanders. Ricky Williams. 

Ranking the top college football RBs of all time False
Don’t sleep on these guys

Ranking the top performers from the first round of #MarchMadness True
Ex-trooper charged in 2014 shooting death of pregnant wife False
House explodes same day it was to be auctioned False
Beauty: your hair regime doesn’t have to be hard work True
Melania appears not to have received St Patrick's Day memo as Trumps fly to 'Southern White House' False
A Comeback, a Controversial Call and Some Crackle at the N.C.A.A.s False
Opinion: Ignore the snobs. Drink the cheap, delicious wine. False
Global carbon dioxide #emissions steady for three years, raising hopes of a long-term trend downwards False
Shocking Discovery footage shows gang of chimps eating a monkey False
PGA golfer uses his bare hands to shoo 8-foot alligator off the course False
Azealia Banks to take anger management classes False
Theresa May is the first PM in decades to say 'no' to the SNP's demands. Good on her #premium False
Nobel laureate, poet and playwright Derek Walcott dead, aged 87 False
The global stakes are now higher than ever as Trump faces credibility woes  via @NBCFirstRead False
Gorsuch's writings could prompt end of life questions at confirmation hearing False
The top 2 senators overseeing the intelligence community dismissed President Trump's wiretap claim True
Have you experienced PTSD in the UK military? Share your experiences True
A united Ireland is coming False
#India needs #paternityleave too. This is why True
Will you find this week's #quiz taxing? True
House Budget Committee advances GOP health care bill despite opposition from conservatives. False
The reigning #SB51 champs are looking like the most improved team of the offseason so far False
Locals praise 'hilarious' police Facebook appeal over man 'avoiding our calls' True
"I want my talent to speak up for me and not the colour of my skin," says #JhansiKiRaani star #UlkaGupta False
5 things for Thursday: 

- Travel ban
- Yahoo hack
- Trump budget
- Syria's bloody civil war 
- The Netherlands True
Hawaii's Attorney General: Religious hostility 'violates constitution' False
Video: Kim Jong Nam’s corpse unclaimed in Kuala Lumpur a month after he was killed False
Alabama kidnapping victim escapes by jumping out of car trunk: False
Islam: The world's fastest growing religion False
Switzerland's annual inflation rate hasn't been positive since 2011. That could change later False
Trump budget takes hatchet to EPA and foreign aid, adds billions to military False
Jeff Sessions suggests a crackdown isn't coming for legal weed False
Rent chickens, sell the eggs. Here's the best today from Chinese media True
#ICYMI: Where are they now? The women tipped to make it in 'a man's world' True
New book on killing of Jews in Poland exposes raw nerve in country: False
AL West rivals take their beef to Twitter False
"Massive landscapes, deep valleys, it’s a trick of the eye": Joseph Philipson’s photographs of lines in the sand False
Edinburgh international festival to celebrate its 70th anniversary False
Luol Deng and Timofey Mozgov, the Lakers' big offseason acquisitions, have agreed to sit out the rest of the year. False
'Beware of Jews' sign found in north London reported to police False
Believe it or not, this year, the world witnessed the biggest #Holi celebration in #Utah, #USA. This video has proof True
Outrageous tourney dad is a breath of fresh air  via @YahooSports True
Father Imprisoned for Genital Cutting Is Deported to Ethiopia False
The Historic Queen Mary ocean liner could sink if it doesn't get $230 million in repairs: False
Ireland’s signature spirit is now in such high demand that every day is practically St. Patrick’s Day False
Mischa Barton lawyer warns over alleged sex video: "We will find you" False
Teen who killed herself on Facebook Live was taunted by mother, report says False
Can Star Wars: The Last Jedi rehabilitate Yoda? True
When walking on ice, think like a penguin  via @NBCNewsBETTER False
Optimism among CEOs in U.S. jumps by the most since 2009 True
☔️ All hail @1future, who went from mixtape MC to mastermind with 2 back to back albums False
House Speaker Paul Ryan is defending the CBO estimate that 24M would lose insurance by 2026 False
Cara Delevingne pens her first novel False
Should we be allowed to use superannuation on house deposits? True
ON @GMA: 'Life threatening' winter storm bears down on Northeast: False
Trampoline park injuries trigger hundreds of ambulance call-outs False
Turkey slams EU officials in row over Netherlands campaigning False
Somali pirates suspected of first ship hijacking since 2012 False
Phoenix rapper Trap House helps SXSW speaker's song come to life False
I went to Turkey to interview the president -- and got a meeting with a conspiracy theorist False
Why Apple and Pfizer are piling into Taiwan’s bond market False
How to completely banish stress in just THREE MINUTES True
The Fed is raising interest rates slowly, and your credit card spending may be to blame False
Marissa Mayer will leave Yahoo with a $23-million golden parachute False
24 million people stand to lose insurance under GOP Obamacare "replacement" False
#ICYMI: #SApower: State Government to unveil drastic electricity market intervention False
There will finally be a new "Girl With The Dragon Tattoo” movie False
"Have you committed treason too, just like the president?" True
Christina Grimmie's family releases animated superhero video for #Invisible False
28-year-old NFL player who just retired says 'a lot of guys don't really love' football False
John Oliver takes out more ads to explain the health care bill to Donald Trump False
Northeast blizzard could dump 18 inches of snow on New York: False
Turkey-Netherlands row: Dutch warn citizens after Erdogan threat False
22 puns that went WAY too far False
The internet slams Steve King's straight-up racist tweet True
Immigration tensions seep into South by Southwest False
At least 34 killed in Haiti after bus fleeing fatal accident slams festival crowd  #FOXNewsWorld False
Time to start doing your homework: True
An adviser to President Trump said he sent Twitter messages to Guccifer 2.0, a figure tied to Russian intelligence False
Preet Bharara’s probes likely to continue after his exit False
.@LittleBigTown's best vocal harmonies: 6 videos that prove their prowess False
We're LIVE with Dolphin Habitat. It's like Shark Tank but with a @mashable twist. Tune in now:  #SXSW #MashHouse False
A previously unreported video raises new questions about what happened in the hours before Michael Brown was killed True
Michelle and Barack Obama are proving that yes, retirement really is the best thing True
President Trump was at the White House when an intruder scaled the fence False
Joni Sledge dies aged 60.

We Are Family transcended its origins to become an anthem for female empowerment #premium False
Fasten up: readers' photos on the theme of attach True
Trapped between Mario and Marine, the only way is up for European bond yields False
Adrian Peterson will meet with the Seahawks tomorrow, per @JasonLaCanfora False
Twitter party at #SXSW True
Erdogan said the Dutch were "Nazi remnants" after a Turkish official was barred from entering the Netherlands False
4 great books to read in March True
One Nation leader @PaulineHansonOz blames 'sour milk' @ColinBarnett for party's poor result in #WAElection  #wapol False
We're playing '90s movie villain or '90s politician. Can you tell the difference? Tune: #sxsw #MashHouse True
Inside the deadly pirate corridor where migrants escape to Europe False
When is it ok to cry at work? True
Funeral home staffers' sharp eyes lead to murder charges  via @NBCWashington True
The Dutch are 'Nazi remnants' - Erdogan False
Judge's warning to drunk women 'will stop reporting of rape' False
Married mother-of-two, 32, dies after undergoing liposuction surgery False
#ClassicEast &amp; #ClassicWest festivals reveal who will join Eagles and Fleetwood Mac on the lineup False
9 incredible photo stories you absolutely can’t miss True
3 "Germany Incidents" in 24 hours. True
Durban police search for baby abducted in South Africa 'car-jacking' False
UN says world faces largest humanitarian crisis since 1945 False
'I cannot think of a greater gift than having a sister,' Mark Zuckerberg says of baby news False
A branch of @NHS says it is "shocked" one of its doctors appears to have been the victim of identity fraud in NSW False
Trump is closing in on a pick to run the FDA — here's what it could mean for the agency False
Opinions: The American Health Care Act is a good start False
In his spring training debut, Tim Tebow either made a rookie mistake or found a unique way to gain an edge: True
Could Complex staff tell the difference between $70 water and NYC tap? #DontBelieveTheHype True
Don Poli ruled out of Cheltenham Gold Cup with injury  via @guardian_sport False
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day False
“I am a homemaker and I wear this label with pride," said #MiraRajput False
Internet warriors: inside the dark world of online trolls False
The #government suspects that some of the country's most prestigious #universities are #underperforming False
.@GovMikeHuckabee slams anti-Trump press: ‘The zenith of what people are disgusted by’ #First100 False
Markelle Fultz won nine games in college

Will missing the NCAA tourney affect his career? False
5 things investors should look out for before investing in marijuana stocks True
This artist will teach you how to draw using “the penis method” False
Elderly farmer shot burglar in the foot over suspected diesel theft, court hears False
hmmmmm True
Bishop turns down promotion after protests over stance on women False
Ireland protests abortion ban on #InternationalWomensDay False
Wikileaks mastermind says he wants to share CIA secrets with tech companies False
The EU will need to maintain some London financial services, German lawmaker says False
Harvard Law School just dropped the LSAT as an admissions requirement False
RIP the Notorious B.I.G. 🙏🙏🙏

Here's our list of his 50 best songs True
Mexico firework village of Tultepec holds fiery fiesta False
Hillary Clinton: Women's voices 'have never been more vital': False
This Rolls Royce is painted with the dust of 1,000 real diamonds False
Want to shield your tech products from the CIA's hacking tools? Here are some tips. True
Yan Wang Preston’s best photograph: a Chinese village's ancient tree – sold for $25,000 False
Adidas' most slept-on collection is inspired by Bob Marley's love for the brand: False
.@RandeepHooda said as an actor he is often trolled on social media but for #GurmeharKaur, it must've been traumatic False
Weight-loss surgery for 500kg woman in India False
Our recap of Ed Sheeran's "Today Show" concert  #EdSheeranTODAY False
#ICYMI: Ways your #technology is already spying on you True
Qatar Airways plans to set up an Indian airline with a fleet of 100 planes False
Trump met Russian ambassador during campaign, despite denials False
Quiet down slut-shamers: a bad bitch is talking (and walking) False
Don't farm XP in custom games or else 'Overwatch' will ban you False
49ers have a new QB: Brian Hoyer False
12 perspectives on the Women’s Strike you need to read True
Facing the future: Gillian Wearing digitally ages herself in new artwork False
Stephen Colbert rips apart the 'Trumpcare' plan: 'We're all gonna die' False
Women plan to strike as part of "Day Without a Woman" protest False
"I still remember that day. Some policemen brought the body of a man who had died in a gruesome road accident." True
White House calls reported Trump meeting with Russian ambassador "absurd." False
A man got away with sexual harassment because of an illogical reason True
15 life-changingly useful kitchen products you should know about True
.@SteveAoki teases "unexpected" collaboration with Fifth Harmony's @LaurenJauregui False
Well played. True
The secret of how a shark senses its prey True
Forget rule changes — MLB has a star power problem.

One writer thinks playing in the #WBC2017 could help with that. True
😳 @WWETheBigShow says he won't let "fat Shaq" ruin his last Wrestlemania False
See @DarrenCriss reunite with @grantgust and @MelissaBenoist in this #TheFlash/#Supergirl musical sneak peek False
Drugs are killing so many people in West Virginia that the state can’t keep up with the funerals False
Native Americans to protest Trump administration and its approval of the Dakota Access oil pipeline in D.C. today False
Poachers kill rhino for his horn at French zoo False
Goodbye to teenage kicks: in a ridiculous world, fashion gets serious True
What if there's no affordable insurance to buy? False
An Afghan family, detained on their arrival in Los Angeles last week, has been released False
Coca Cola's sexy new ad bubbles up surprising social media reactions False
How Pres. Trump's new travel ban executive order compares to its predecessor: False
The face masks helping kids beat London's air pollution False
How much can President Trump disclose classified information? False
Shocking video appears to show security guard attacking exotic dancer during performance. True
Karrueche is reportedly seeking a permanent restraining order against Chris. False
Cumbrian zoo where almost 500 animals died is refused new licence False
Police are investigating an "arson attack" after one of Floyd Mayweather's cars was set on fire during his UK Tour. False
Jo Cox's husband has written a memoir during sleepless nights following her death False
Priorities. True
Here's the reality about illegal immigrants in the United States False
Glastonbury line-up leak? Ed Sheeran, Diana Ross and Lorde among alleged performers False
Texas may soon decide on a bill that prevents parents suing their doctor if their baby is born with a disability False
'The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild' review: A new classic for a new generation False
Peugeot-Citroën owner buys Vauxhall/Opel for €2.2bn False
Deep. True
Browns have significant interest in QB Tyrod Taylor per @JasonLaCanfora False
Barbra Streisand tweets that Trump is making her gain weight False
Mother and four children killed after flames swept through their rural Massachusetts home False
MS-13 gang members accused of killing teen claimed Satan "wanted a soul," police say False
Are you being held to ransom with an engagement ring? True
Canada has no immediate plans to deter people from crossing border illegally False
Baked chicken tenders: not just for kids True
10-year-old busts myth about trans people with powerful sign False
Kate McKinnon returns to troll Jeff Sessions as Forrest Gump in #SNL cold open. False
Doctors turn to #3Dprinting to source medical supplies in earthquake-recovering #Nepal False
OUCH.

Alistair Overeem knocks out Mark Hunt with vicious knee

🎥: False
Nancy Pelosi to Democrats: Treat Trump voters like a friend whose boyfriend is a jerk False
Violence erupts at Berkeley as Trump supporters clash with counter-protesters False
Trump supporters across the nation gather for "March 4 Trump" False
Police investigate possible hate crime after Sikh man shot  via @NBCAsianAmerica False
Fillon France election: Party brings forward crisis meeting False
Keystone pipeline won't be required to use American-made steel, despite Trump's prior assertions False
President Trump blames Democrats for confirmation delays, but red tape is the real culprit. False
EARLIER: Obama spokesman on wiretapping claims. False
This quick-thinking fast food worker saved a toddler's life False
.@T_S_P_O_O_K_Y : Potential Obama Wiretapping Is 'Soviet-Level Wrongdoing' False
“Impostor” scams surpass identity theft to become second-most common consumer complaint False
AG Sessions to submit amended testimony on Monday. False
Families on edge over drinking water contaminated by military firefighting foam at former air base False
The secret to Kentucky guard De'Aaron Fox's success? Six hours of NBA2K per day False
Back on offense. True
🍺🍺🍺 The world's first *craft beer hotel* is actually going to happen and oh my god this sounds incredible  🍺🍺🍺 False
Man who saved children from house fire faces deportation from the UK False
#Shaktimaan will be back soon! :D True
This woman's rare genetic disorder could hold the key to weight loss True
Scientists find dozens of new species in Gulf of Mexico after Deepwater Horizon oil spill False
This robot can 3D-print and bake a pizza in six minutes False
President Trump tweets an old photo of Schumer and Putin, writes that "we should start an immediate investigation" False
This cancer-stricken 5-year-old's photo was used to scam people for money, his family claims False
THE ULTIMATE FLEX. 

'Moonlight' kids return to school as Oscar winners: False
LOOK: Gator Struts Across Golf Course With Huge Fish in Mouth False
James Harden has become Nash 2.0...and the numbers prove he's the real MVP False
Kim Jong-nam murder suspect deported to #NorthKorea False
Tony Romo is spending his offseason joining Instagram, teaching his kids football plays

🎥: False
"Mommy, are we safe?": Nearly two years after racists crashed a child's birthday party, fear lingers False
Sick True
Why tougher times lie ahead for Americans  via @YahooFinance True
Projection. True
"He remains in great spirits." Sir Bruce Forsyth spends five days in intensive care with chest infection False
Move over Mamba 

Steph passes Kobe for 11th most 3-pointers in NBA history. 

🎥: False
Remy Ma releases another Nicki Minaj diss track and Twitter EXPLODES: True
Snap employees celebrate IPO behind closed doors False
Jeff Sessions met with Ambassador Kislyak as U.S.-Russia tensions flared False
Lisa Kudrow reveals the worst behavior from a mystery "Friends" guest star True
stay woke dot jpeg True
Sean Spicer: Sessions was "100 percent straight with the committee" By @christinawilkie False
AG Jeff Sessions will hold a press conference soon. Watch CNN or @CNNgo for live coverage: False
.@joeyBADASS reveals title &amp; release date for sophomore album  / via @billboardhiphop False
Young fan saves the day during intense college basketball game False
Be like Henry Winkler and watch the new Lorde video False
Are you ready for a Gifted HUD? True
Top #entertainment news from the day False
Ed Sheeran hints when new Taylor Swift music is coming False
Snap shares have soared by 40% on its first day of trading False
Here's what you need to know about Snapchat's IPO False
UK must stand up to Trump over sanctions on Russia, say MPs False
Missouri airports may soon serve alcohol to go False
#DronePhotography is the next big thing! False
How your name affects your looks True
#ICYMI: Hugh Jackman, Patrick Stewart shed a tear over final X-Men @Lateline False
Textbook self-own. True
'Beauty and the Beast' will introduce Disney's first openly gay character: False
TAO Group announces major L.A. expansion False
Sale of insurance across state lines won't bring down costs, according to analysts False
A man is accused of giving women foot massages without their consent at a mall False
This robotics company wants developers to create applications for use around the house True
Former cricketer @virendersehwag has clarified that he had no intention to bully #GurmeharKaur False
Ivanka Trump has caused another storm with her 'inappropriate' choice of dress False
Trump honors widow of fallen US Navy SEAL in emotional moment False
The Trinity nuclear test just taught us something new about the Moon True
Uber CEO apologizes for outburst at driver False
Apple iPhone 8 rumors and news True
.@RealHughJackman, @SirPatStew shed a tear over final X-Men  #Logan @Lateline False
.@AllyBrooke drops hints about Fifth Harmony's new album False
"Humourless and nude" Adrian Bridge on German holidaymakers False
These are the best and worst airlines in the world True
Coworking spaces aren’t just for small businesses False
President  Trump’s budget blueprint sets up a striking clash with the House speaker, Paul Ryan False
The new course getting more #women into Australian #politics  #auspol True
Winning message right here. True
Al-Qaeda's deputy leader reportedly killed by US drone strike in Syria False
Philippines president said he would kill his own child in drug war   #FOXNewsWorld False
"This is not a joke. I'm afraid they read the wrong thing." Video: True
Boxing legend and Philippines senator Manny Pacquiao confirms "super fight" with Amir Khan False
Bill Paxton has died age 61 following complications from surgery False
Man hands himself in after Melbourne home raided by police during drug operation False
Saudi Aramco is gearing up for the world's biggest IPO. Here's how markets will be impacted False
Casey Affleck wins Best Actor Oscar despite backlash over past allegations False
Jimmy Kimmel skewers Donald Trump and shows support for 'overrated' Meryl Streep #Oscars False
Trump's pick for Navy secretary Philip Bilden withdraws False
Why the black box's inventor may never be a household name  (Pic: Wikimedia Commons) False
'I've never seen a war criminal show remorse' says Nazi hunter on the trail of last Holocaust perpetrators #premium False
Vandals damage headstones at Jewish cemetery in Philadelphia  via @nbcphiladelphia False
Thousands march in Moscow in opposition to Vladimir Putin False
Barron's: Slowing sales and a strong dollar could hit Harley-Davidson's stock False
Actor Bill Paxton has died at 61. His extensive career included films, "The Terminator," "Aliens," and "Titanic" False
Nick Kroll and John Mulaney Slam Mel Gibson and Steve Bannon at the Indie Spirit Awards False
Sunday’s Academy Awards promise to be the world’s best-dressed Trump protest False
Pakistan airliner flew with seven extra passengers standing in aisles – report False
#ICYMI: Moscow revisited: A congested journey to Russia's past False
Demi Lovato says she's 1 percent African and Twitter absolutely loses it False
Yeesh.

WFCA fighter lands 13-second knock out with vicious kick to head

🎥: False
Celebrations kick off across Brazil but it's all too racy for Rio's new bishop mayor False
Part of what makes “Get Out” exciting and genuinely unsettling is how real life asserts itself, scene after scene False
Warned to leave, the Kansas shooting victim refused to abandon the ‘country he loved,’ his wife said False
The latest Berkshire Hathaway annual report had some fresh one-liners from billionaire Warren Buffett False
A sequel to Alto's Adventure, a Futurama game, and the Android messenger reboot? This week's New App Roundup is 💯 False
Bernie Sanders taunts Trump with photo after claiming his voters could form 'biggest' rally False
Why fixing inequality is historically difficult False
Study: a Republican plan to tax imports to generate new American jobs won't help False
Academy Awards: Best picture nominees in 30 seconds True
26 teacher problems that prove they’re goddamn angels True
Drug overdose deaths have nearly tripled since 1999, CDC says: False
President Trump slams reporters’ use of anonymous sources despite using them himself. False
................
................
................
................
................
................
Okay, then... True
JaVale McGee and Shaq's Twitter war went 0 to 100, real quick False
JUST IN: White House releases details of executive order on regulatory reform. False
#Russia's military wants teenagers to 'storm' a replica of #Berlin's Parliament False
The group spent the last month marching on campus, holding sit-ins, &amp; protesting at the university president's home. True
India bans 'lady-oriented' film Lipstick Under My Burkha as censors declare it 'porn' False
.@narendramodi unveils the biggest #Shiva bust in the world #MahaShivaratri True
Bannon vows a daily fight for ‘deconstruction of the administrative state’ False
PPE: the Oxford degree with a lot to answer for | Letters True
Police release description of suspect in Massachusetts jogger murder  #FOXNewsUS False
Puerto Rico's governor says the government needs years to fix the island's budget False
Canada has no chill about this pineapple on pizza business False
#SteveBannon in Rare Remarks: Trump Is 'Maniacally Focused' on Fulfilling Campaign Promises False
Pistons are reportedly "actively shopping" Reggie Jackson, want three assets back for him False
Sinead O’Connor apologizes for claiming Arsenio Hall gave Prince drugs False
"Whether you agree or not, I felt it was a duty to play with the president when you get the call" True
Fake news headline claims former President Obama is planning a coup against President Trump. False
#Business investment 'disappointing', pointing to weak #GDP growth  #ausbiz False
#FixerUpper stars consider leaving Waco False
Sandra Cisneros calls Trump administration's immigration initiatives "barbaric" False
.@1future turns into a modern-day casanova in "Draco" video  / via @billboardhiphop False
Get a complimentary issue of Forbes today: False
Marine Le Pen chief of staff and bodyguard questioned by police False
Former Olympic Gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar hit with 23 new charges False
Twitch streamer and father of 3 dies 22 hours into charity stream False
A visual cue like this is hella ableist tho False
Same-sex marriage laws linked to powerful drop in teen suicide rate False
Top #entertainment stories from the day  that was True
Why sex harassment scandals like Uber's are bound to persist in tech False
This revolutionary power plant captures all its carbon emissions, at no extra cost False
Testosterone gel shows no benefit for older men's memories, study shows. False
'Overwatch' teases a possible new hero and it's (probably) not Doomfist True
Wal-Mart, Home Depot show big box stores aren’t dead False
Future's self-titled album doesn't do much to deepen his persona, but we love it anyways False
Runaway bull that led the NYPD on a chase through Queens has died after being tranquilized. False
Big Sur ravaged by floods, mudslides and storms: 'Paradise can turn on you' False
Does @Isaiah_Thomas know something we don’t? True
It really is possible for both parents of young children to take on challenging new jobs at the same time False
Our 1st ever list of the 25 best places to retire without a car: True
5 NBA trades we want to see before the deadline True
Jordan Peele's Barack Obama impression is now drunk and angry at Trump False
British Cycling accused of covering up bullying culture and misleading UK Sport False
Meet Zambia's first female fighter pilot False
BHP Billiton returns to profit, raises dividend False
Keep hype alive. True
California police officer shot dead after responding to report of traffic accident: False
Fat shaming advertising campaign by German supermarket criticised False
Murder rates in four big U.S. cities have returned to levels not seen since the 1990s False
#NOTMYPRESIDENTSDAY protests erupt across the country: False
The main takeaways for economists from Singapore's budget False
Here’s what therapists want you to know about being politically active True
What happens if you don't file your tax return? True
Italy’s ruling party faces quandary as former prime minister Matteo Renzi steps down as party leader False
One converted to Islam, the other went to far-right rallies: a modern tale of two brothers False
Apple is restructuring the way it works with its lead advertising agency False
Chilling security footage has emerged of the killing of Kim Jong Nam last week False
#EuropeanSpaceAgency wants to collaborate with #ISRO! 

AWESOME! 👏😀 False
The "Boyfriends of Instagram" are the real MVPs of social media False
Kings have reportedly had "recent discussions" with the Pelicans regarding DeMarcus Cousins False
SpaceX successfully launches rocket after Saturday setback False
Workers' cafe overwhelmed with customers after accidentally being awarded a Michelin star False
.@BillGates feels that robots should pay #taxes if they are replacing humans! False
Can they search my phone? Here's a guide to your rights at the US border False
Melbourne's iconic buildings ablaze for #WhiteNightMelb False
Kyrie Irving believes the Earth is flat. It is not. False
'Hitler's personal telephone' gifted by Red Army to British officer goes up for auction False
Former Newsnight presenter Jeremy Paxman splits from his partner of 35 years False
Soft toy tiger nurses orphaned cubs back to health False
Dakota Access Pipeline protesters meet with authorities over emergency evacuation order False
Wisconsin students group demands free tuition for black students #FoxNewsUS False
Drama builds on Capitol Hill over probes into Russia and Flynn False
The people have spoken. Say goodbye to this classic Monopoly token False
Georges St-Pierre returns to UFC after an over three-year absence False
A Times reporter visited Mar-a-Lago for the first time. She now sees why Trump is a “fish out of water” in D.C. True
WATCH: Man Uses Catlike Reflexes to Catch Falling Toddler True
Charisma &gt; joyless scolds. True
Here’s how the legendary Charles Barkley-Dick Bavetta footrace went down False
Norb Vonnegut on cybersecurity: The new arms race of wealth management False
10 years later, Britney Spears’ head-shaving moment is still unforgettable False
A fake news ad campaign for the film "A Cure for Wellness" left Fox with a headache False
Customs arrest in a Texas courthouse sends “horrible” message, official says False
Pigeon caught smuggling a mobile phone into a Brazilian prison False
Thai police fail to find monk in Dhammakaya temple raid False
Listen to Jidenna's debut studio album 'The Chief.' False
China adds more opioids to list of controlled substances False
17 Tumblr posts with plot twists that will fuck you up True
Shake it up.

B/R proposes seven deals that could jolt the playoff race False
South Korean court approves arrest of billionaire Samsung heir: False
Here's why the world of copper is transfixed by strike in Chile False
ObamaCare in 'death spiral,' Aetna CEO says False
Air France-KLM said lower fuel expenses helped propel profit markedly higher last year False
Cox BusinessVoice: 7 ways telecom and technology can futureproof your business True
FBI releases file on 1970s Trump housing discrimination case False
Want to ask questions and look smart at your next meeting? Here’s how: True
Will Napoli beat Real Madrid? With Marek Hamsik, anything is possible  By @GentlemanUltra False
Uber gives restless employees a way to cash out True
Comical foreign signs that got VERY lost in translation! True
Hungary recruiting 'border-hunters' False
.@TGowdySC: Dems 'more interested in politics' than truth about Russia's election meddling False
ICYMI: Former UFC heavyweight champion Brock Lesnar has ended his professional fighting career. False
Carlos Santana has kicked the Beyhive after his bizarre Beyonce comments False
Surprise! 19 celebrities you didn't know were twins True
Standing Rock tribe files challenge after Trump's action on pipeline False
Australian artists call for ban on fake Aboriginal art False
Julian Assange wants the Twitterverse to know he's not dead False
Sleater-Kinney, Stephen Malkmus &amp; Decemberists' Colin Meloy headlining ACLU benefit False
#ICYMI: Jacqui Lambie and Yassmin Abdel-Magied exchange barbs over sharia law False
Canadian judge rules in favor of forcibly adopted First Nations survivors False
Storms lash EU True
This is what Donald Trump's aggressive handshakes mean, according to a body language expert False
Republican lawmakers are growing wary of "town hall" events False
New guidelines from the American College of Physicians outline how to handle back pain: False
Photo of Ivanka Trump sitting in president's Oval Office chair raises eyebrows on Twitter: False
How many of these do you have on your shelf? True
At least 13 people were killed by a suicide bomber during a protest by hundreds of pharmacists in Lahore, Pakistan False
The Marlins need Giancarlo Stanton's leadership more than ever. False
Saudi Arabia wants to open women-only gyms in every neighborhood False
Did Adele confirm rumors of a recent wedding during her Grammys acceptance speech? True
UN Security Council to hold 'urgent' meeting today following North Korea missile launch. False
Do you have any cosmetic surgery regrets? | Sarah Marsh True
'Sense of fear' True
Woman claims Popeyes served her flesh-eating worms in $1 million lawsuit False
The Captain will soon go by a new nickname: Dad. 

Big news for Derek and Hannah Jeter: False
Tinder's in-house sociologist on how to increase your chances of a Valentine's Day date False
This gay man responded to a cruel tweet about him in the best way False
Whoopi Goldberg calmly discusses pubic hair with Keanu Reeves False
Deadly diesel is going to cost the car industry billions  via @Bfly False
Why Trump's promise to "open the mines" is unlikely False
#Grammys get political early-on with James Corden as host False
Dwyane Wade (wrist), Jimmy Butler (heel) will miss today’s game vs. Timberwolves False
White House aide: Kellyanne Conway's endorsement of Ivanka Trump's brand was 'light-hearted' False
10 music legends who have never won Album of the Year at the Grammys True
Two young girls, 11 and 12, shot in the head in separate Chicago attacks False
United Airlines pilot removed after going on a bizarre political rant over the intercom False
Gangs of French youth clash with police in Paris suburb False
The world's oldest bank is stuck with vineyards that nobody wants to buy False
'SNL' gives Alec Baldwin's Trump his day in court. False
Kate McKinnon plays Jeff Sessions on "SNL" because she can be literally anyone False
This porn site is rerouting its Utah users to online sex-ed resources True
Campaign to preserve 'Queen's' Malta cathedral False
ISIS' capital city in Syria could be isolated 'by the spring' False
Northern Ireland peace at risk because of Brexit, says Bertie Ahern False
GOP-led states seeking to block sanctuary cities. False
Millions being spent marketing new blood thinners to doctors #health False
No, cats aren't really taking over the Westminster Dog Show  #WKCDogShow False
Jordanian pilot burned alive in a cage by ISIS 'had no idea he was about to be executed False
Should we take our teenage children on a Mediterranean cruise? True
Mexico warns its citizens to 'take precautions' in the US False
Doll based on transgender teen to debut at New York Toy Fair False
Hitler Valentine's Day card a 'mistake', college's Republican group says | False
This ham changes everything you thought you knew about exclusive cured meats True
San Francisco is taxing the rich to pay for free community college False
Iranian baby with heart defect to undergo surgery soon False
Who is (and isn't) selling Ivanka Trump's line? True
Pres. Trump indicates he may sign a brand-new travel ban next week: False
How fanfiction became a mainstream moneymaker: True
This hero cat bit its sleeping owner to save family from house fire False
Hundreds of whales die after being stranded on New Zealand beach False
The initiative called #GreenleafIndia will be launched in association with the #Gurugram horticulture department False
Vanguard's assets climbed to $4 trillion for the first time, a fresh high for the index-fund giant False
The 'Cash Me Ousside' girl didn't get paid for that Kodak Black video False
David Cameron's 'cronies' attempted to receive honours in secret today after requesting no publicity from the media False
College basketball player slaps opposing fans for heckling him during game. False
.@PerthGloryFC demoralises @AdelaideUnited in 5-0 #ALeague win False
Macklemore didn't submit "This Unruly Mess I Made" to the #Grammys False
India’s massive state elections in Uttar Pradesh -- the numbers False
Got ‘emm 📸 

Oregon’s Dillon Brooks posterizes two Bruins with massive jam

🎥: False
Under.
New.
Management. True
19 things that make traveling alone a lot less stressful True
The number of homes for sale fell to the lowest level in nearly two decades in the fourth quarter False
5 ways criminals will try to scam you this tax season True
Trump aide Kellyanne Conway 'counselled' over Ivanka plug False
One year after founder's departure, Zenefits lays off 45% of its current workforce False
She firmly believes that her passion for #bikes does not interfere with her faith
#HijabiBiker False
Tory MPs join criticism of Amber Rudd over child refugees False
Developer says it will resume work to finish Dakota Access Pipeline "immediately." False
Rex Tillerson meets with Mexico’s Foreign Minister ahead of visit to Mexico City False
Experts say no major improvement has come in #waterquality False
Gerardo Ortiz &amp; La Septima Banda announce "2 Mundos, Una Historia 5" U.S. tour False
Charles Oakley arrested at Madison Square Garden after altercation in stands. 

🎥: False
Boris Johnson among record number to renounce US citizenship in 2016 False
People are trolling Trump after he tweeted about waiting for "Easy D” False
Toys from "Stranger Things" and other Netflix hits may be coming your way soon False
President Trump helped turn Kuwait's "visa ban" into big news — but it was a story from 2011 False
Get your snack on with the full version of Migos' "Dab of Ranch." False
Tape resurfaces of Trump admitting to "relationship" with Vladimir Putin False
What NOT to say to someone with cancer, according to 6 patients True
4 different measures tell the same story... lasting U.S. wage growth remains elusive False
Cosmetics giant Unilever pledges more transparency over ingredients  via @YahooBeauty False
White House list of supposedly underreported terror attacks includes Orlando, San Bernardino and Paris False
Flash floods in Sydney after the city is battered by storms False
Nicki Minaj has sent fans into frenzy with her latest Instagram photo True
2 other times Kellyanne Conway referenced Bowling Green 'massacre' or 'attack': False
'Wolfenstein 3D' mod asks you politely whether you want to shoot Nazis False
Self-driving semi trucks are among the vehicles now being tested in Texas False
Binge Eater: Black hole taking record-breaking decade to devour star  Via @TelegraphSci False
Most stressful job in 2017? Enlisted military personnel. See the full list: False
Video of the uplifting moment 6-year-old boy celebrates end of chemo goes viral True
Political ads fared well with last night's #SuperBowl online audience False
Yesterday's overtime win was the highest-rated Super Bowl ever for Fox False
Watch as Tom Brady leads the Patriots to historic victory #SuperBowl False
The Queen just made history with this milestone True
Lady Gaga is a legacy artist now, but what a legacy: #SuperBowl 2017 halftime show analysis False
#India has signed emergency deals worth Rs 20,000 crore to keep forces ready for battle on a short notice. @adgpi False
Don’t call Donald Trump a liar True
How scientists are learning more about whales from outer space False
Analysis: Why voting rights advocates are worried about a Trump voter fraud probe True
The best of commercials of Super Bowl LI:  
#SuperBowl #SB51 False
Donor dilemma True
Roman Catholic Church of Philippines criticizes Duterte’s bloody drug war False
The Super Bowl is the 2nd largest food consumption day in America False
Lasting only minutes, the 1889 Johnstown Flood was one of the deadliest disasters in U.S. history False
This ad for a 2002 Oldsmobile is brutally honest and hilarious True
With this victory Romania’s protesters have truly proved their mettle | Claudia Ciobanu False
A contestant on The Jump has already been forced to quit after being injured during training False
Take a look at the interior design app inspired by Tinder False
Love and kindness. True
I became my mother-in-law's carer - but I just couldn't handle the stress of the job True
"You and your husband should separate, then go through an ugly divorce. That'll bring your kids together." True
Meet the puppies drafted into this year’s Puppy Bowl True
This campaign asks women to grow body hair for antiviolence awareness True
Would you take a new £1,300 DNA test that could save your life? True
Why certain noises really drive people nuts: True
Ottessa Moshfegh's stories of selfish people doing foul things are must-reads True
3 ways to protect your 401(k) if Trump kills the fiduciary rule True
At least 1,354 refugees and migrants drowned this winter, UNICEF says, a record number. False
#ICYMI: @realDonaldTrump thanks @TurnbullMalcolm for 'telling the truth' about 'fake news' False
.@realDonaldTrump has remarkable energy – but it is too often wasted on  scattershot attacks #Premium False
New blood test can identify types of multiple sclerosis and how well treatments/medications are working  #health True
Frank Ocean sued by his father over Tumblr response to Orlando shooting False
U.S.S. Cole patrolling off Yemen after Iran-backed rebels attack Saudi ship False
Donald Trump supporters are trying to boycott Budweiser False
Former Norwegian prime minister detained at Dulles Airport for an hour. He visited Iran in 2014. False
Mariah Carey drops new YG collab #IDont False
Centrist House Republicans and Democrats are sizing each other up as potential allies False
Iran's supreme court has ruled that a woman must be blinded in one eye as punishment for an acid attack False
Group offers 100 days of free naturalization help for legal residents  via @NBCLatino False
Would you want your child to marry someone from a different political party? False
Lauryn Hill blames snow for her Pittsburgh late show False
New Arkansas law lets men block wives' abortions False
Bannon, Priebus meet with Australian ambassador after refugee agreement flap. False
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quits Trump advisory council after widespread backlash: False
Donald Trump tells Republicans to 'go nuclear' to stop Democrats False
If you're looking for used car, now is the time to buy False
Pankaj Mishra: Why are people so angry? Blame modernity False
Guillermo made it to #SB51 media day and asked the hard-hitting questions he’s known for 🤔 False
BREAKING: Treasury department easing U.S. sanctions on Russia False
Way-too-early CFB top 25 for 2017 ...

1. Alabama
2. Florida State
3. USC
4. Ohio State
5. Penn State
6-25: False
Tesla has little to show in California's public road test data False
This is the most you'll get for paying your taxes honestly - Rs 14,806 True
Hopeful story behind travel ban protest photo False
Government and social service workers in Hawaii are trying to save Obamacare False
A taxpayer's guide to tax-prep fees False
Facebook's quarterly earnings blow past Wall Street's expectations False
Join us tomorrow for an #AskForbes chat about the Super Bowl from 2-3 pm EST: True
Mark Zuckerberg just added almost $3 billion to his net worth False
The #ScienceMarch on Washington has a date: Earth Day False
New Jersey rejects proposal to give charter schools more hiring leeway False
Donald Trump used a Black History Month speech to talk about himself and attack CNN False
People are very worried by this video of Donald Trump True
.@TurnbullMalcolm "got out his wallet" to win election, Labor says, after PM admits $1.75 million donation:  #auspol False
On Signing Day 14 years ago, Boston College sent out a release touting its class.

Matt Ryan wasn't even on it. False
Nailed it. True
President Trump says "bad people" will be kept out, whether it's called a ban or not False
Johnny Depp's money worries blamed on $2m-a-month lifestyle False
Afghan Official: Woman killed accused of adultery by Taliban False
Ted Cruz reportedly says nuclear option is on table in Supreme Court pick False
CargillVoice: How millenials are driving change in the protein industry True
Texas mayor comes out as transgender False
Trump's wrong about why Japan is the land GM forgot  via @Bfly False
Unable to Enter U.S., and Still Stranded Abroad False
Sick of making lousy sports bets? Now you can outsource them to a fund manager False
Trump nominates conservative Neil Gorsuch to Supreme Court False
How Howard Schultz, CEO of Starbucks, earned more than half a billion dollars in 9 years True
Marijuana prices are plunging as growers flood the market False
Well, that's just... (•_•) / ( •_•)&gt;⌐■-■ / (⌐■_■) prime. True
Trayvon Martin's parents float potential future in politics False
This guy had to draw a spider in his biology class and people can’t handle how bad it is False
Confused rooster has a staring contest with its own reflection and then tries to ATTACK it False
People with depression could see their condition improve if they stand up straight, a new study has found False
1 killed in 50-vehicle pileup on Pennsylvania interstate False
Airlines scramble to adjust to Trump’s new, smaller world False
Prince William and Prince Harry honor their mother with a statue at Kensington Palace False
Best friend of 'gold digging' Ukrainian Black Widow claism she never loved him True
Sessions once asked Yates about AG's responsibility to say 'no' to a president False
David Axelrod on Steve Bannon and the NSC: "I woke up this morning as an Alternative Fact"  via @CNNOpinion False
This Trump protest sign reminds that the resistance is just beginning False
Goldman Sachs is pushing back against the Trump administration False
Thanks for reading! 👋 False
Refugees in Kenya may face return to Somalia after US travel ban False
Trump voters shrug off worldwide condemnation over immigration ban False
What does the U.S. import from Mexico? A whole lot True
Sarita Devi won her first pro bout by unanimous verdict False
An official with Koch group criticizes Trump’s travel ban as ‘wrong appproach’ False
Some teens are just saying no to social media True
Global Economy Week Ahead: Fed and Bank of England meetings, U.S. jobs report False
.@FifthHarmony cancels NHL All-Star Game performance due to illness, Billboard has learned  #NHLAllStar5H False
How to enable Wi-Fi calling for perfect cell service False
Bald men are just better, according to science False
UK to hold 'biggest protest ever' for Donald Trump visit False
MORE: 14 al-Qa’ida in the Arabian Peninsula members killed during raid, CENTCOM says. False
Trump Immigration Ban Still In Place Despite Court Ruling, Says DHS False
RZA directed an episode of Netflix's 'Iron Fist.' False
23 songs to help you forget about the cold weather True
Teacher who had sex with underage pupils said they made her 'feel good' about herself False
It's a biological rarity: These twin baby girls have different skin colors False
Russia's biggest steelmaker is betting on e-commerce to boost sales False
Barbara Hale, Who Played Perry Mason’s Loyal Secretary, Dies at 94 False
Jerry Brown throws down the gauntlet against Trump: "We have to live in the truth" False
The first single from the Faith-and-Biggie duets album is here. Yes, really. False
Absolut Vodka is hiring a 'billion dollar nose' and it could be yours False
Along the border, a possible tax on Mexican goods worries some U.S. businesses: False
You have a point. True
Taylor Swift calls Zayn "really special" in #IDontWannaLiveForever behind-the-scenes video False
Here's what to say in 10 of the most awkward moments you'll have in a new relationship True
Stevie Wonder, Tom Petty, Maroon 5 &amp; Dave Matthews to headline New Orleans #JazzFest False
On this day 17 years ago, the fate of the @Patriots was forever changed. False
Melania Trump gets early victory in defamation suit against blogger False
WATCH NOW: Vice President Mike Pence takes the stage at #MarchForLife rally False
'Trump doesn't care about culture': how will his presidency affect the arts? False
You haven't seen a Mr. Clean commercial like this False
The clock “conveys how close we are to destroying our civilization with #dangerous #technologies of our own making” True
Och-Ziff’s once highflying deal maker faces bribery charges False
Rajon Rondo sends huge shade at Dwyane Wade and Jimmy Butler in Instagram post: False
After decades of stark, formulaic interiors, design is giving way to maximalism False
The smart way to think about that trade deficit with Mexico True
Birdman really just compared Young Thug to MJ &amp; Prince False
Initial jobless claims rise to 259,000 (247,000 expected) False
Stan Grant on the search for Frank Foster, the missing part of his family tree False
Hugo Barra will lead Facebook's VR efforts after leaving China's Xiaomi False
Bipartisan coalition controlling New York Senate gains strength False
Senate Democrats search for their path forward in West Virginia False
Fifth Harmony's @AllyBrooke shares a soulful cover of "Mad World" False
The top 10 foods to eat to beat bloating and get a flat stomach True
Donald Trump isn't just president: He's playing the part, masterfully False
1. Everyone who doesn't agree with me is a Nazi!
2. It is a Good Thing when you hit a Nazi
Ergo... True
Broadcaster Brent Musburger will call his final game on Jan. 31 False
.@mikefreemanNFL says Bill Belichick's defensive game plan should scare the Falcons #SB51 False
Dow poised to make another run at 20000 False
6 @Google products and services you never even knew existed True
Australian of the Year: General David Morrison's torrid 12 months  #AOTY2017 False
Hate crime charge in fatal attack on gay man lured to lake False
We bipartisan naow True
DIY geniuses build a 7-foot-tall Robocop villain. It's your move, creep. False
Laura Prepon and fiancé Ben Foster are expecting their first child False
You’ve been storing your groceries wrong! This is where they should REALLY be kept True
Housing outlook moderate to grim, according to experts and property industry #realestate False
911 dispatcher helps save woman locked in trunk of moving car in North Carolina False
This is what $20 million hidden in the box spring of a mattress looks like False
Three Trump nominees confirmed, but still no deal for the others False
The Government has lost its historic battle in the Supreme Court over Brexit. It was a majority 8 to 3 ruling False
The largest company in every state False
Man admits to killing two homeless men as they slept outside: False
No name drop? True
8 places where expats can live for next to nothing: True
We rely on the government for lots of data. What happens to that in the era of "alternative facts"? False
Now play nice. True
This dog had the most pure reaction when he saw his vacationing family on Facetime False
Caffeine may help protect against inflammation and heart disease finds new study True
Take a look at some of the craziest things we saw go down at #Inauguration. True
Israel approves new homes in Jerusalem's contested eastern sector False
PIAS acquires Australia's Inertia Music False
This $400 billion fund manager is bullish on Trump-proof India False
Israel lifts restrictions on settlement building in East Jerusalem. False
How do we meet the urgent needs of 11 million Syrians fleeing conflict? False
Samsung says flaws in Note 7's battery design, manufacture caused fires False
United Airlines issues ground stop for domestic flights False
$1 million reward offered over 50-year-old case of missing #Bendigo teenagers False
Trump softens tone in Sunday appearance, talks tornadoes and NAFTA False
Trump is poised to wield executive power to make immigration changes False
Angela Davis' Women's March speech: 'this country’s history cannot be deleted' False
Find out how far you can drive your car on empty True
Two British police officers used a Taser on their own race relations advisor. False
You need to watch Aziz Ansari’s SNL monologue on Trump and racism in America False
Pittsburgh Steelers woken up at 3 a.m. by false fire alarm in Boston hotel False
The Teutonic cadence was chilling to the Trump opposers in the crowd. Then that chill deepened… | Michael Goldfarb False
GEORGE SOROS: Trump is a con man and he will fail False
Saudi Arabia’s Sabic buys out Shell’s 50% stake in a joint venture for $820 million False
Democrats reject her, but they helped pave the road to education nominee DeVos False
Public broadcasting funds again in jeopardy as Donald Trump takes office False
These 5 charts illustrate the risks lurking in China's economy False
Gregg Popovich talked about the Women's March and emptied the clip on Donald Trump: False
Cat shreds on a sled False
Netflix announces @HouseofCards return with dark promo -- on Inauguration Day False
Trump's Twitter account got some undeserved followers False
Here's what's on Trump's to-do list for the first few days True
Decades of exclusion leave some women of color skeptical of #WomensMarch False
Meet the mothers, daughters and grandmothers marching together after Trump's #inauguration False
14 things successful people do in the first week of a new job True
Melania Trump wears sky-blue cashmere Ralph Lauren ensemble at #Inauguration False
Pope Francis sends his best wishes to President Trump  #inauguration False
What do Africans think of Trump? True
Senate confirms Trump's picks for defense, homeland security False
JUST IN: Vice Pres. Mike Pence swears in retired Gen. James Mattis as Secretary of Defense. False
Trump's tax plan would add $7 trillion to the debt over 10 years False
You betcha. True
Trump's trash talk over China risks collateral damage to the global economy  #InaugurationDay False
Innovative new breast pump a reminder of why we need more women in STEM, writes Jo Fox #opinion False
42 celebrities supporting the Women’s March True
Police arrest dozens of protesters during Trump inauguration protests False
President Donald Trump addresses the nation on #InaugurationDay False
"Pop has been able to adjust every single time &amp; still ... keep those guys under the radar. I don't understand it." False
.@realdonaldtrump won't like these presidential portrait makeovers  ➡️ by @lee_moran True
#ThankYouObama floods Twitter with love for outgoing @POTUS ➡️ by @lee_moran False
In pictures: Inaugural parades of the past False
Northern Ireland child abuse inquiry to publish report in Belfast False
'He's got to lead': @realDonaldTrump fans descend on Washington False
"In my opinion, he’s going to do great things for this nation — and even for those people who disapprove of him." False
Brazil judge who played key role in corruption investigation dies in plane crash False
Nicole Kidman reveals she refuses to call her daughters “bossy” in the name of equal opportunities False
These baby raccoons survived a 4-day cross-country journey without their mom False
Praying at the inaugural service: An imam, a rabbi, a Hindu priest and an abundance of pastors False
1. Browns: ??
2. 49ers: ??
3. Bears: Jonathan Allen
4. Jaguars: Jamal Adams
5. Titans: Mike Williams
6-32: (In) False
Trump hints New York Jets owner Woody Johnson will be US envoy to UK False
He was pretending to #hang when things went wrong, leading to his #death True
READY TO ROLL: Trump touches down in DC as his Cabinet comes together False
Chinese man live-streams himself dissecting a puppy False
Anti-Trump protester ‘tries to set himself on fire’ outside Trump International Hotel False
Asahi president says he is reviewing investment in China’s Tsingtao brewery False
‘What should be pristine white is littered with blue’ – Timo Lieber’s Arctic photography True
"Shark Tank" star Kevin O'Leary joins the race to lead Canada's Conservative party False
"If I was a different complexion, I think people and fans would treat me a different way." True
This newly discovered species of moth has been named after Donald Trump. Can you guess why? False
Trump really just said he doesn't like tweeting. 

LOL. False
Even after an in-game fight, the Siena coach got his post-game handshakes...sort of

🎥 True
This would explain the recent exodus from BuzzFeed's politics site. True
A dead Game of Thrones character will return for season 7 False
.@EAMaddenNFL has NO CHILL 😳 False
Here's what you need to know about the political career of Tom Price, Trump's health secretary pick False
25 children have been selected for the revered #ICCW #NationalBraveryAwards True
What Manning's clemency means for Assange False
President Barack Obama's evolution in 10 years of hip-hop lyrics True
#ICYMI: Two admitted to Sydney hospital with rare flesh-eating bacteria. False
After Fukushima: the tenants rebuilding a destroyed community False
Pearson withdraws 2018 profit goal and will sell stake in Penguin Random House False
Witness the remarkable zen of Russell Crowe's smartphone photography True
Pres. Obama pardons retired Gen. James Cartwright for lying during leak probe: False
Americans are warming to Obamacare, poll finds False
"Why have a problem with Steve Harvey?" True
Ken Clarke just made a very good point about Theresa May's Brexit strategy False
.@TheOniBand premieres "The Only Cure" video feat. @lambofgod's Randy Blythe (exclusive) False
If You Can Get 10/10 On This Quiz, You Must Work At Dunder-Mifflin True
Google and Uber alums created a doctor’s office that’s like an Apple Store meets ‘Westworld' True
Justin Trudeau under investigation over holiday he took on a private island False
Actress Zoe Saldana says Trump opponents “became bullies,” helping him win False
Coretta Scott King speaks out in posthumous memoir: "This family was chosen." False
Meet the #ForbesU30Europe in law &amp; policy: False
Ballerinas reclaim Cairo's streets by dancing through them in stunning photos False
President-elect Adam Barrow forced to miss son's funeral as he fled Gambia as West African states prepare to invade False
These 8 men are richer than 3.6 billion people combined True
Shaw Bijou, one of D.C.’s most expensive restaurants, has closed after less than three months False
Read all the news from #Bollywood right here False
Trump asks if CIA Director John Brennan was source of fake news, but cites no evidence False
Scottish paper's TV section describes Trump inauguration as return of "The Twilight Zone" False
Trump has found something mysterious for Rudy Giuliani to do True
In 2017, responsible leaders must start to take action, writes Michael Gilbert #Premium False
Rallies held across the country to support Affordable Care Act False
Donald Trump says he thinks “Brexit is going to end up being a great thing” False
.@TurkishAirlines jet crashes in Kyrgyzstan village, killing at least 20 False
Once a captain, always a captain @msdhoni True
Are Carmelo Anthony's days with the Knicks coming to an end? True
Riff Raff is still campaigning to perform at Donald Trump's inauguration. False
CIA director warns Trump to watch what he says, be careful on Russia False
Tom Brady posted an odd cartoon trolling Texans fans after the Pats' win Saturday. False
Uh oh. True
Get instant access to the global business and finance news you need False
Colorado State's coach said a New Mexico assistant tried to start a fight with a player following Saturday's game. False
ICYMI: Fans at Saturday's Lakers-Clippers game were NOT excited about the Los Angeles Chargers. False
Paul says he finished drafting bill to replace ObamaCare False
Blake Lively’s Cherokee heritage questioned on social media False
Mitsubishi Heavy IndustriesVoice: Veterans, your next manufacturing experts False
"Don't play with me. I just put my heart on the f---ing field." False
President Obama writes note praising the "diverse tales" honored at Golden Globes False
Britain's May will say in speech she’s willing to quit EU single market, Sunday Times says False
Toxic air True
Tensions flare as Serb nationalist train halts at border False
Controversial painting to be removed from Capitol False
Video shows police tackling and beating a black man suspected of stealing a car. It was his. False
Raiders reportedly will file paperwork to the NFL to have a move to Las Vegas approved False
Worst cities for finding jobs in 2017:

1. Detroit
2. Fresno
3. Stockton False
She was just 8-hours-old when she was abducted. True
3 things every man should avoid wearing this winter True
Dutchwoman resident in UK for 30 years may have to leave after Brexit False
Police officers overwhelmingly agree that bad cops aren't held accountable False
We counted how many times J.J. Watt was shown on camera in last week's game...despite not actually playing football False
'Jeopardy!' celebrated the internet last night with meme-themed categories False
5 lessons from Martin Luther King for Trump's America False
Redskins miss out on in-demand Wade Phillips, who agrees to terms with Rams False
The Obama presidency is almost over -- and Russian officials can't wait. They're not mincing words: False
Sushi lovers, beware: Tapeworm now found in U.S. salmon False
Google Home vs. Amazon Echo: which should you choose? False
A headline so bizarre it could only happen on Breitbart 🏂 True
A complete guide to this weekend's sneaker releases: False
Morgan Page &amp; Steve James' "Candles" collab is Proximity's first release on new label False
Gender balance True
Shameless gang steal £600 donations from a Buddhist temple while pretending to pray False
Indian barber cuts men’s hair… by setting it on FIRE False
Obama to end "wet foot, dry foot" policy for Cuban arrivals to the U.S. False
MAC is making lipsticks with all of your favorite beauty gurus False
14 incredible pictures of unbelievable underwater sculptures True
The good, the bad and the unknown about marijuana's health effects: False
Who’s No. 1?

B/R's top 30 small forwards at the halfway point.

Rankings ➡️ False
Supporters raise over $40G to keep 108-year-old in home   via @foxnewshealth False
.@seanspicer: CNN's Acosta Owes @realDonaldTrump Apology for 'Rude' Behavior at News Conference False
'How do you explain your Twitter?': Senator grills CIA nominee over WikiLeaks False
China's new topsy-turvy bridge is actually three bridges woven into one False
David Bowie's most popular releases in the U.K. since his death False
George Soros lost nearly $1 billion after Trump's victory, @WSJ reports False
"Should designers dress Melania and Ivanka? The question is more complex than it seems." False
Brawl erupts in Turkey's parliament over constitutional reform: False
Moby says he'll DJ at Trump's inauguration under this one condition True
A warning to Jared Kushner: the son-in-law rises, but can fall as well | Peter Bradshaw False
17 people who literally define passive-aggressiveness True
The BBC's Paul Wood on the complicated evidence tying Trump to Russia False
Federal ethics chief blasts Trump’s plan to break from businesses, calling it "inadequate" False
He became an internet sensation by making dozens of heart-stopping leaps into water. One jump changed everything. True
Carpenters' surviving member suing Universal Music Group over digital royalties False
Donald Trump addressed alleged lurid sexual acts by saying he's a 'germaphobe' False
Here's what it's like to interview for the CIA, from people who have done it True
This is the CNN reporter that just got into a yelling match with Donald Trump True
Key Kardashian jewellery suspect was in cocaine smuggling ring with Saudi prince and Medellin drugs cartel False
Drake pays tribute to President Obama with strange mash-up image (&amp; it's blowing up online) False
Trump will hand over his business empire to sons Eric and Donald Jr. False
Chelsea Manning on Obama's "short list" for commutation False
"President Obama’s farewell speech was a remarkable pep talk on democracy" False
Senate confirmation hearings could get testy False
Judge rules that woman can't sue Trump over calling her a "dummy" on Twitter: False
Winning hearts and minds. True
After prodding, Republicans delay two Cabinet confirmation hearings False
#Graceland to open new entertainment complex False
A frenetic series of confirmation hearings for Trump's cabinet choices begins today. Here's what to watch for. False
Watson, Clemson stun Alabama to win #NationalChampionship on last-second pass False
Where in the world is Derrick Rose? False
Rough flight?
 
Giants trashed team plane on flight back from Green Bay: False
Member of @thecatempire hopes new song will bring attention to the death-in-custody case of a young Indigenous woman False
President Obama finally admitted he didn’t pay enough attention to the Democratic party False
All the most important car tech that came out of CES False
¡Obámanos! President Barack Obama's legacy, through a Latino lens  via @NBCLatino False
For the first time since the Cold War, U.S. tanks roll into Russia's backyard False
Why Ryan Gosling is 1,000,000,000 times better than Ryan Reynolds False
16 arrested over theft of $10 million of jewels from Kim Kardashian in Paris True
Remembering Tyrus Wong, the Disney artist behind "Bambi," who died recently at age 106 False
The January Barometer has been right only 64% of the time since 1972 False
Volkswagen unveils the ID Buzz, an all-electric rebirth of the classic microbus False
Fort Lauderdale airport shooting survivor saved by his laptop False
As attorney general, Jeff Sessions would bring the conservatism of his Southern roots to policing and civil rights False
A swim team "swam" in the snow in nothing but Speedos after their meet was cancelled False
Inventory of Prince's estate lists cash, property and gold bars False
24-hour tube strike will go ahead from 6pm today False
"Miracle baby" who weighed less than 1 pound at birth is now a thriving teen False
17 years later, customer finally returns shirt to Gap False
Is your local Kmart, Macy's or Sears closing? Check out this list True
Somehow less funny than "Keanu" True
Here is everything you need to know about #dragonballsuper: True
Mississippi State men's basketball team and coach come to aid of woman whose car flipped on a slippery highway False
Liam Neeson says new film “A Monster Calls” is "Hollywood at its best" False
.@WhipHoyer on Blocking ObamaCare Repeal: GOP Has No Replacement Ready False
They did the math: How NASA's black mathematicians multiplied success False
Tom Jones criticised for comments about previous winner's weight on The Voice UK False
California braces for wild once-in-a-decade storm False
ONE LAST TIME AS CAPTAIN @msdhoni. Save the date! 
#IndVEng False
The Kennedys are invested in a company that has a relationship with Donald Trump False
PHOTOS: Stunning ice sculptures glow in neon at Chinese festival False
WATCH LIVE: Officials give update on Fort Lauderdale airport shooting False
.@deadmau5 debuts BBC Radio 1 residency with tons of techno False
Carrie Fisher “squealed with joy" when she saw Princess Leia in "Rogue One” False
.@UstheDuo re-enters Social 50 chart after newest year-end song False
George H.W. Bush and Barbara Bush celebrate 72 years of marriage False
Meet the charming 'two-faced' cat taking the internet by storm False
Adam Silver hints at new League Pass option that would revolutionize how we watch the NBA False
NATO and Russia are in a game of cat and mouse in the Baltic skies False
#Centrelink debts slashed after #welfare recipients speak out in media False
Fragile male state senator not OK with college course on masculinity False
What you can learn about finding your calling from Megyn Kelly's career: True
The Bank of England has admitted its warnings of a downturn in wake of the Brexit vote were a “Michael Fish” moment False
How a humble serving of beans on toast can tackle the pain of gout True
People either love or are totally trashing this new “spin bike" for kids False
Aldi to become the first supermarket to pay its workers above the real Living Wage False
Tucker Carlson taking Megyn Kelly's job is the perfect metaphor for these times False
Inside Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner's $5.5 million Washington, DC, new home False
Breaking News: Dan Coats, a former Indiana senator, is Donald Trump's pick for national intelligence chief False
Former Goldman Sachs CEO and New Jersey Governor Jon Corzine agrees to pay a $5 million fine False
Donald Trump tweets on Obamacare, promising "far better" alternative False
Historically black college: Band will march at inauguration False
GOLDMAN SACHS: The US Treasury is going to have to borrow more than we expected False
Tucker Carlson will take over Megyn Kelly's 9 p.m. time slot on Fox News False
The ruble is surging to its highest level since July 2015 False
Cowboy lassoes runaway calf while riding police car in bizarre video True
Looting and riots erupt in Mexico as gas prices spike 20 percent in one weekend False
Republicans name first targets in drive to repeal Obama regs False
This grain salad might be the key to healthier eating in 2017 True
Sonic reports lower sales, projects results to pick up in back end of year False
#PremierBadmintonLeague is looking to establish itself as a world-level club badminton tournament False
Employee recognition could be the key to workplace happiness False
Celebrity stylist @ShunMelson is the boss behind Gucci Mane's outrageous looks False
Watch this 105-year-old cyclist set a world record False
Body found in frozen pond identified as 6-year-old boy who went missing on New Year's Eve False
People are so inspired by this restaurant giving away free meals False
Bye. True
Montreal restaurant Marche Ferdous warms hearts with free meals policy False
Cat owner learns the hard way to read those Amazon descriptions carefully True
There's a weird noise in Sweden and no one is sure where it's coming from True
Northern soul: a fashion showcase True
France to suspend sales of a Vitamin D supplement after the death of a 10-day-old baby False
Man arrested in Berlin for 'aiding Christmas Market killer Anis Amri'  False
Rex Tillerson, ExxonMobil strike deal to sever ties if he's confirmed as secretary of state. False
Baby hospitalised after using Cancer Council Peppa Pig SPF50+ sunscreen, mother says False
Ex-NBA player arrested in alleged kidnapping, robbery, assault  via @NBCSports False
🍾🍾🍾  @lilyachty, @LifeOfDesiigner, &amp; @jeremih among @Forbes 30 under 30 in music list False
Despite decline in Americans identifying as Christians, Congress is still overwhelmingly Christian, report says False
To get Brexit through the Lords, send in the kamikaze squad, writes Philip Johnson #Premium True
.@ChiefKeef returns with "Two Zero One Seven" mixtape False
Former leader of Hong Kong pleads not guilty to bribery at his high-profile corruption trial False
In Spain’s North Africa enclave, authorities find migrant stashed inside a suitcase False
As the new Congress begins, Democrats are mounting a plan to save Obamacare False
Anthony Bourdain bashes fellow "privileged Eastern liberals" for making Trump win possible False
Turkish police detain two foreigners at city's airport after nightclub attack False
Samsung unveils its first smartphones since the launch of the ill-fated Galaxy Note 7 False
Will You Get Back Together With Your Ex In 2017? True
19 states raised the minimum wage at the start of the new year False
For first year students at this medical school, cooking is now part of the curriculum False
Unarmed man fatally shot by off-duty Chicago cop False
Really. True
Four people believed to be minors dead from suspected pesticide poisoning at home in Amarillo, Texas False
Judge who survived bombing in the 1980s, Richard Gee, believed to have drowned in backyard swimming pool  #Sydney False
18 tanning salon horror stories that will make you say "gross" True
U.S. companies are investing again, a sign executives are more optimistic about growth. False
Meet Chicago’s superhero nurse True
Carrie Fisher's autopsy has been completed and her body has been released to her family False
This week in Billboard chart history: In 2010, @KeshaRose's "TiK ToK" topped the Hot 100 False
The scary moment a car carrying backpackers' stuff falls off ferry and drifts out to sea False
Jakarta ferry fire kills at least 23 people; police question captain amid allegations he was the first to jump ship False
Odes to hope (and techno): poems to get you going again False
Car bomb attack in Baghdad kills at least 17 labourers False
Robbie Williams caught using hand sanitiser after greeting fans on New Year's Eve False
New Year's resolutions are bound to fail. Try this instead. True
Trump to 'repeal a lot' of Obama's actions on day one, top aide says False
Haunting photos show how run-down the abandoned Detroit Lions stadium has become False
'Russia should reinstate monarchy and appoint PUTIN as royal emperor' True
#Manus Island asylum seekers #bashed on New Year's Eve, #refugee advocates say False
These are the confessions of a tech entrepreneur who lied to his investors True
'Hollywood' sign changed to 'Hollyweed' in new year prank False
18 people share the nicest thing they’ve ever done for a parent True
Hurricanes equipment manager makes NHL debut at age 37  via @NBCSports False
It cost France $5 million to build the 1 km solar road used by 2,000 motorists per day False
Texas looks set to follow North Carolina with push for 'bathroom bill' False
The Ethicist: Your sister is against vaccinating her son. Can you help him get vaccinated? False
21 moments in 2016 that reminded us to love our bodies more True
China is about to launch a global propaganda platform. Here's what to expect True
Respectfully disagree. True
Wilmer Valderrama’s worst New Year’s Eve wasn’t so bad after all  via @YahooCelebrity False
Robert Hulseman, the inventor of the iconic red Solo cup, has died at 84 False
That's one way to air your grievances. True
Amazon has an idea for a flying airship warehouse, but there's a catch True
Baghdad market blasts kill at least 28 people False
We asked some of this year’s notable authors, actors and showrunners about the TV they enjoyed most in 2016 True
.@con10to explains how he's building his own business while traveling the world False
As the year comes to an end, see the most captivating photos of 2016: True
Top 50 EDM love songs of all time 💓 True
#Poetry True
The 20 best rap verses of 2016. True
Army warns of a new threat: Energy drinks False
Venomous lionfish sends Florida diver to hospital False
Israeli settlements: What it's like to live inside a divided land False
All aboard Morocco's high-speed train False
Just an hour a day on social media can affect kids' happiness - and not in a good way True
This photo of a group of women sitting on a couch is really freaking people out True
.@NASA's satellite captured the stunning #NorthernLights at its best and we can't stop staring False
16 of the absolute creepiest things to happen in 2016 True
A bird's-eye view of New York City False
Everything you need to know about Trump's 17 golf courses True
Serena Williams is engaged False
Mysterious, thin, wispy clouds are lingering on Saturn’s largest moon False
Uber driver saves 16-year-old girl from sex trafficking True
Alt-right troll Milo Yiannopoulos got a big book deal and Twitter is furious False
Flight simulator catches fire at Frankfurt airport False
Fans create impromptu Hollywood Star for Carrie Fisher False
RIP. True
Belarus says Santa must pay tax True
Paris estate agent apologises after advertising flat for rent to 'French nationals only, no blacks' False
Indian officials to assess incentives requested by Apple False
Celebrities react to Debbie Reynolds' heartbreaking death False
China would outlast the U.S. in a trade war, a billion-dollar fund says False
Former Giants HC Tom Coughlin is reportedly interviewing with Jags today False
Montana officials condemn upcoming "armed" white supremacist march through city False
President Obama edges out president-elect Trump in "most admired man" poll False
How many hours should a salaried employee work? False
George Karl confirms he spoke with MJ about possibly trading Shawn Kemp for Scottie Pippen. False
Scientists are about to start sending messages to aliens, despite warnings it could trigger Earth’s destruction True
Daisy Ridley's touching tribute to 'predecessor' Carrie Fisher False
KPMGVoice: Using smart robots to run clinical drug trials False
The penny cost more to make than it’s worth, again False
D.C. yoga instructor who disappeared on way to holiday party found dead False
Has 2016 left you a bit frazzled? Here are ten wellness retreats to clear your head for 2017 True
🏀Hoops and Music🎤

Rockets GM Daryl Morey is creating a musical called 'Small Ball’ False
"I think it's bullsh-- and they should get rid of it."

Kevin Durant on the NBA's 2-minute report: False
New York and Florida dominate our list of America’s most expensive ZIP codes False
The best of 2016 and sometimes well before it. @foxjust whittles it down  via @BV True
Malaysian boy, 10, has his penis sliced in half with a laser during botched circumcision operation False
Chaos struck malls across the U.S. as fights broke out across 12 states False
Oft-shot Atlanta rapper Yung Mazi shot in the chest at 4 a.m. in a Waffle House False
What's in store for Europe in 2017? A look at possible scenarios True
Thai man impaled in the groin by a metal spike after falling 32ft after a shower False
Jakarta Christian Governor's blasphemy trial to proceed in Indonesian court #Ahok False
You don't say. True
Krauthammer on UN #Israel resolution: 'This was a US operation all the way' | #FOXNewsWorld False
Top @flickr photos of 2016 True
OK, calling it: This little boy stars in 2016's most heartwarming Christmas video True
Pregnancy may result in long-term changes to a woman's brain False
Obama Says He Would Have Defeated Trump for a Third Term False
Here's what everyone was watching at the movies this weekend True
"F--- do I look like? For real. When would I ever say that?"

Russ Westbrook denies shouting "Thank you, Kyrie!" False
A&amp;E abruptly cancels KKK docu-series before it airs False
Trump to inherit more than 100 court vacancies, plans to reshape judiciary False
🎄🎄🎄 MERRY CHRISTMAS!!! 👶🐑🌟 False
A playlist for Christmas: 18 holiday songs, 1 surprise mixtape and a dark new Nine Inch Nails EP False
All the news from #Bollywood True
Santa letters sent to random couple get fulfilled in 'Miracle on 22nd Street' mystery False
Calls for bravery award for Polish lorry driver man who fought Berlin terror truck killer False
"It just starts with one person, one soul, one spirit."

Tavon Austin and Robert Quinn made one family's Christmas: False
For her school's "Superhero Day," an 8-year-old dresses up as Ruth Bader Ginsburg: False
Tells you a lot about the instincts of the snarky reporters who had to attend every single one. True
Every year they try this line. True
Watch the Obamas share dad jokes and more in their final holiday address False
#Hamilton's Lin-Manuel Miranda beats out Beyonce and Adele as AP's Entertainer of the Year False
After her town's deal with Wall Street, her water and sewer bill has jumped so much that she's thinking about moving True
Why the holiday shopping season is losing some of its power False
Not like he'll have much else to do, career-wise. True
Good news! True
Four romantic Christmas films that are actually completely unrealistic True
A relationship expert reveals how to keep the spark in a long-term relationship True
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (2001): original Telegraph review - 'Amazing and transfixing' False
TIMING. True
5,000-year-old "nativity scene" reportedly found in Egypt False
Former addict's incredible transformation after four years clean True
Sri Lankan court acquits five men in Tamil MP murder trial False
Watch this guy dynamite a Christmas tree just in time for the holidays False
Readers' travel photography competition: 2016 – the winners False
The clean person's guide to clearing up your disgustingly messy desk True
After Jo Cox: the unsung MPs quietly making Britain better False
#Israel ends aid programs, orders ambassadors home after @UN Security Council condemnation of settlements False
What does LOL look like in space? In 2017, we’ll find out  via @CNNStyle False
Deaths from fentanyl overdoses double in a single year False
Arizona governor to Uber: "California may not want you, but we do." False
Crash survivor: 'I put my seatbelt on' False
Countries with the highest salary expectations:

1. Switzerland
2. Denmark
3. U.S.

More: False
The Year in Pictures True
Merkel promises urgent review after Berlin truck attack False
27 Wall Street movies to watch over Christmas True
21 amazing photos that show what life is like in the coldest inhabited town on earth True
21 gifts for the Gwyneth Paltrow in your life True
Oldest known living gorilla in US turns 60 False
Australian betting firm Tatts rejects buyout offer from consortium False
This company wants you to bring your dog to work True
Martin Freeman and Amanda Abbington, partners on and off-screen, announce that they have broken up in real life too False
Trump insists he'll "drain the swamp" as Gingrich walks back "big boo-boo" False
Princeton cancels men's swim season over "vulgar and offensive" posts: True
Mark Zuckerberg trolls Nickelback, admits to Facebook's media role False
Kristen Bell explains to CBS News why her daughters don't watch "Frozen" False
Woman assaulted for not speaking English delivers powerful message to her assailant False
Kellyanne Conway lands White House job False
Snow falls in the Sahara desert for the first time in 37 years False
Trump team asked State Department for info on women’s issues programs, stoking fears of another witch hunt False
A roundup of the best #entertainment stories from the day True
.@mrsfunnybones saw the silver lining and shared a picture with a positive message True
#DannyMacAskill is known for his vertigo-inducing, daredevil #stunts. False
Emma Stone: directors gave my improv jokes to male co-stars False
Nokia unleashes a patent legal battle on Apple False
Pierre Cardin won't get out of bed for less than a billion euros False
In 2015 China had 10,000 electric city buses. That number will grow to 40,000 by 2017 False
Beauty brands that broke diversity barriers in 2016 True
Here's what you need to know before you go to a white-collar sex party False
The site of the Berlin attack is symbolic: In 1928, Joseph Goebbels criticized the area for being too cosmopolitan False
Bank mergers spread in the Middle East as low oil prices force Gulf nations to cut spending False
Number 10 to give rural families with poor broadband cash vouchers to spend on their own internet providers False
Russia has recently tested what is believed to be an anti-satellite weapon, sources tell CNN False
Thicke's wife breaks silence about his death False
Reeperbahn rendezvous: the glorious dive bar photos of Anders Petersen False
.@aamir_khan 's #Dangal gets a big nod of approval from #RajThackeray, #Sachin Tendulkar &amp; The #Phogats False
Facebook debuts Live Audio broadcasts False
Utah man donates money to cover kids' school lunches False
Trump is likely to commit felonies if he keeps his businesses False
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova has four hours of surgery for 'severe' hand injuries after knife attack False
Cat owners are more likely to be into BDSM than everyone else False
A #decision on the issue will be announced by the #government in the next one or two days.
#ThisIsIT False
China claims to have a working version of NASA's impossible engine False
Man wins OK to wear horns in license photo False
Artificial intelligence can predict a woman's personality, say researchers False
A serious moment for a serious tweet to promote a serious discussion of the Russia-Turkey situation: False
Have Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim and Donald Trump left behind their mutual animosity? False
Probe reveals flood of 780 million painkillers over 6 deadly years in West Virginia False
This is what we know about the assassin who killed Russia's ambassador to Turkey True
Camila Cabello left Fifth Harmony on the first day she (legally) could False
Pregnancy may result in long-lasting changes in a woman's brain, new study finds. False
Nina Simone, Tupac and ELO all set to receive special honours False
Well played, #TeamIndia! #IndvEng False
How much sugar is OK? A new paper adds to debate False
Nigerian fintech startup Paystack raises $1.3 million False
Have uniform, will travel True
Mom's random act of kindness to delivery men and women inspires others False
Worried about your holiday spending? It doesn't have to get out of control: False
Judge cleared of misconduct in Brock Turner sexual-assault case False
Erupting geyser puts on a very rude, phallic-shaped display! False
Air Force cautions Trump team on defense costs False
More information about healthcare prices should help consumers save money, right? But it doesn't. False
Actress Zsa Zsa Gabor was famed for her nine marriages and way with words False
Hollywood reacts to the death of icon Zsa Zsa Gabor False
Trump presidency expected to be certified by US electoral college False
California mom transforms her 9-month-old daughter into "The Elf on the Shelf." False
Are You Actually Grosser Than Most People? True
This photo of 'Superman' Henry Cavill holding a tree is baffling the internet False
Poll: 55% of Americans bothered by Russian election hacking False
Sylvester Stallone suggested that he was not interested in taking an arts-related job in the Trump administration False
Scientists discover 163 new species in Greater Mekong region in South-East Asia False
#Cricket's pregnancy clause wars: Proxy battle over growing revenue stream?  (Pic: AAP) False
China finds new love for wildlife films False
The New York Giants are now on the verge of the playoffs False
Australian woman finds snake curled up in Christmas tree False
All the 'Star Wars' movies, ranked from worst to best False
#TheApprentice final: who has the goods to become Lord Sugar's business partner? True
Washington Capitals' ‘Social Night’ turns into epic fail after a bad (but hilarious) tweet. True
Poll: 55% of Americans bothered by Russian election hacking False
Bob Costas pays tribute to Craig Sager False
Who needs an open house when you can tour a property using virtual reality? True
"I can be smart and challenging while I wear spaghetti straps" — Megyn Kelly  via @NYTfashion False
This car promises to be fully electric and drive itself. Will that be enough? True
Stephen Gay, senior QLD government staffer, quits after drink-driving incident False
Winter storm socks Midwest, East, spawning accidents, deaths False
French bar tells women: 'This isn't Paris. It's only men here' False
22 ways to be healthier with minimal effort True
Hot new celebrity couples of 2016 True
Pentagon: China to return seized Navy drone False
Um, false, especially since you put him over 300 EVs: True
These are the worst airports in America True
A new biography of Hank Williams offers a feast of juicy anecdotes False
Act of love. True
"Heartbroken" RuPaul on Trump win: "It feels like the death of America" False
Mother releases footage of her young child crying over her dead CHICKEN False
The #ChristmasCatsOfInstagram are coming out to play ⏩ by @lee_moran False
Trump’s Cabinet is shaping up to be one of the whitest in recent history  via @YahooNews False
Barack Obama says end of his presidency is 'a clarifying moment' as he gives final press conference of the year False
David Tennant is going to voice Scrooge McDuck in "DuckTales" reboot False
"One Million Moms" throws fit over mag's choice to include same-sex parents False
Princeton suspends men's swim team over 'vulgar and offensive' comments about women's team: False
Opinion: How cartoonists take a skewed view of Trump, Putin and the election-hack headlines False
The 'Rainbow People' who meet around the world for meditations and NAKED gatherings True
POTUS: I worry about Republican voters finding Russia as being OK because "that's how much we dislike Democrats." False
'Rogue One' earned the biggest opening day of any movie this year False
The difference between the UK and US in 14 pictures True
Philippines President Duterte speaks at a press conference in Davao City. Watch on Facebook: False
Here’s the first candid photo of Kim Kardashian out in public since the robbery False
#OnThisDay in 1775, English novelist Jane Austen was born False
iPhone apps could be a revolution in health — if people use them False
New on @Medium: What it's like when your children never grow up False
China to build yet ANOTHER terrifying sky-high glass bridge in the 'Avatar' mountains False
Chinese investors’ deal for Chicago Stock Exchange clears U.S. security hurdle False
Behind the mysterious stock dump ahead of Trump's Lockheed Martin tweet False
'Putin-funded propaganda calendar' shows 'Syrian girls eulogising Russian forces' False
Sec. Kerry on Syria: "There is absolutely no justification" for "brutality" against civilians by regime and allies. False
Old people are for life... not just for Christmas, writes Judith Woods #Premium False
Indiana Town's Entire Police Force Resigns, Citing Unfair Treatment False
Top #news stories from today.
#ThisIsIT True
White House confirms FBI investigating Yahoo hack that may have exposed more than 1 billion user accounts. False
Check out our quick gift ideas for all your techie friends and fam: True
Gadgets are meant to streamline life – so why do we pine for a typewriter’s ping? False
Swedish phone company Telia's headache in Turkey is getting a bit worse False
Chinese imperial seal sold for record €21m in Paris False
Curiously omitted from all the coverage boosting this guy's conspiracy theories... True
The top books of 2016: The Times's critics make their picks True
What will change for your finances in 2017  via @YahooFinance False
Yellen Leaves Door Open to Stay at Fed After Chairman Term Ends False
Here's the difference between a psychopath and a sociopath True
Troubled startup Magic Leap loses another top executive False
At least 75% of ISIS fighters have been killed since the US-led campaign began in 2014, US officials say False
Aleppo battle: Raids on Syria city 'likely a war crime' UN says False
wut True
Check out our 2017 investment guide: True
Hospital cafeteria worker saves thousands of dollars to buy toys for kids at Christmas False
Richard Sherman blasts the NFL (again!) for forcing players to play in Thursday night games. False
How Rex Tillerson put Exxon’s needs over U.S. interests True
.@Pentatonix puts their unique spin on the holiday classic False
North Dakota oil pipeline spills 176,000 gallons, mostly into a creek False
Here’s how Saudi Arabia is keen to emulate the example of South Korea True
Remember #LionelMessi's 5-year-old #Afghan fan who wore a shirt made out of plastic bag?
#ThisIsIT True
Even car sales have been hit by India's chaotic cash clampdown False
Ring in the holidays with live performances from #DragRace royalty -- watch now! False
Thank you for the many reminders! @Joelpollak called it, almost to the detail, 2 months before the vote: False
"That was Tyra Banks, fool!"

Lil Penny makes an appearance in our top 10 hoop shoe ads of all-time. Who else? True
New cars could be required to 'talk' to each other as soon as 2020: False
Taxpayers foot £50million bill for Southern Rail strike chaos as ministers prepare to tighten law False
President Obama signs the 21st Century Cures Act into law, which is expected to be his one of his final bills False
2016 No. 1s: @IggyPop on working with Josh Homme: "I was looking to do a No. 1 album" False
Tippi Hedren ('The Birds') takes a 'Sentimental Journey' back to her first love False
How the Obamas leveraged fame to advance a political agenda True
The Trump rally has a long way to go, if Japan is any guide False
Trump will reportedly select Rick Perry for energy secretary False
Kanye West vibes out to deadmau5's "Snowcone" in Pete Rock's studio False
#Syrian Army has claimed the lives of at least 82 civilians.
#ThisIsIT False
The 17 grossest words in the English language True
The simple Christmas detox tricks EVERYONE should adopt True
Chaka Fattah just got one of the longest prison sentences for any member of Congress, ever False
NES Classic Edition will be back in stock at Best Buy stores on December 20th False
JUST IN: Donald Trump chooses Rick Perry to be energy secretary, sources tell CBS News False
#ICYMI: The recession we're already in #analysis (Pic: AAP) False
10 members of Electoral College sign letter asking for classified briefings on Russian hacking allegations. False
CITI: These '12 Charts of Christmas' tell us a lot about what to expect in 2017 True
Out women seek to give voters bigger voice in Electoral College False
Kellyanne Conway, Trump's campaign manager, says she turned down the press secretary role False
Stars react to the 74th annual Golden Globe Awards nominations: False
Madonna's heartbreaking revelation about David Bowie True
New York City welcomes Drake's third #OVO flagship store False
The 18 biggest breakthroughs for self-driving cars expected by 2030 #SelfDrivingFuture True
These guys deserve a standing ovation True
Dozens made FCC complaints about Dave Chappelle's SNL skit because of his use of the n-word. False
Everything you need to know about Trump's potential conflicts-of-interest False
After Sunday's game, Dolphins coach Adam Gase said the team is concerned that Ryan Tannehill has an ACL injury. False
This account points out everything wrong with Instagram’s nipple policy False
One of our most engaging stories of 2016: What kids wish their teachers knew False
Watch two new action-packed 'Rogue One: A Star Wars Story' clips. False
Pretty Little Liars' Troian Bellisario and Patrick J. Adams got married False
The "Queen of Gypsy music," Macedonia's Esma Redzepova, has passed away age 73 False
24 things to consider before taking Adderall True
This is  the cutest thing you'll see all Christmas False
John Cena stole the show with his Gronk impression on "Saturday Night Live" 😂👏

🎥 False
What was the year’s most significant play?

Glenda, Brexit, and a little show about a wizard: 2016 in theatre False
Michael Moore has another prediction about Donald Trump True
Did you know #DilipKumar was the first choice for 'Lawrence of Arabia'? False
And 2016's most depressing meme is... True
'Historic' Sandhurst role for Pakistani officer False
Drake’s OVO imprint opens its NYC flagship store. False
13 signs you have a work spouse — even if doesn't feel like it True
T.J. Miller was arrested just two days before he's set to host the Critics' Choice Awards False
Business Insider’s 2016 Car of the Year: The 15 finalists True
Buzz Aldrin leaves New Zealand after South Pole evacuation: False
Derogatory remarks about women, remarks on people's upbringing - Swami Om has done it all @BiggBoss True
Louis Tomlinson's mother has died aged 42 False
Good enough for government work! True
23 infamous mugshots from history True
What women really think of men  via @NYTOpinion True
Ikea wants to solve your most annoying relationship problems False
Here's what happens to pro-athletes after they retire... True
Florida is no longer an active Zika zone, officials say False
Democrats' last hope of picking up Senate seat is lonely in Louisiana False
Facebook admits to miscalculating more of its advertising metrics False
A federal judge is set to consider halting Wisconsin's presidential recount. False
He's taller than every current NBA player. 

Oh, and he's only 16: True
A teen fired up Facebook Live from the highway. Moments later, everyone in her car was dead. True
Over 1,000 Russian athletes involved in organized doping, report says: False
Roommates Divide and Conquer With Temporary Walls False
Trump's Homeland Security pick lost son in Afghan war  via @YahooNews True
Tsunami warning lifted in parts of South Pacific following powerful earthquake off Solomon Islands. False
Trump's top oilman: Dakota tribes are being used by a "fringe" False
Are You Actually Taylor Swift? True
14 things that’ll happen in 2017 according to “The Simpsons” True
Man loses penis to flesh eating superbug True
Golf adds 'Dustin Johnson Rule,' eliminates penalty for accidentally causing ball to move False
Qualcomm is trying its best to compete with Intel's monopoly in the market—is it enough? False
Where the most attractive people in the US come from, according to dating app Hinge True
#TerryGou, a no-nonsense businessman, gave a fitting reply to @realDonaldTrump
#ThisIsIt True
🍾 True
Lego's CEO sees vast untapped potential for Lego brand in digital products False
'This is an awakening': Native Americans find new hope after Standing Rock False
China's newest electric bus is shaped like an old tram car: False
Federal judge clears way to end Michigan recount False
NYC mayor says Congress owes taxpayers for protecting Trump False
Pearl Harbor survivors gather for a 75th anniversary reunion. Read this and more of today's top news: False
President-elect Donald Trump “can’t muster the dignity of seventh grader," Tina Fey says: False
José Mourinho: Frozen pitch needs ‘miracle’ to be playable against Zorya  via @guardian_sport False
Two juveniles charged in connection with deadly Tennessee wildfire False
Terry Branstad will be Donald Trump's ambassador to China. The Iowa governor saw China as a market for Iowa's pork. False
How to see the best of Oslo in 3 days False
75 years ago, what if Japan never attacked Pearl Harbor? False
Is this the first time a network TV show has mocked campus SJW culture? False
Eerie attack reminder for Pearl Harbor kids False
Best albums of 2016: No 8 Chaleur Humaine by Christine and the Queens False
Donald Trump Summons Tech Leaders to a Round-Table Meeting False
Woman gives birth to own grandson as surrogate for her cancer survivor daughter False
Aleppo battle: Syria rebels 'withdraw from old city' False
Bolivia detains airline president as Chapecoense crash probe advances False
Beijing spends billions on moonshot projects such as teleportation and artificial intelligence False
Third person charged in stabbing death of 26-year-old man last seen at New York City party: False
Turns out the earth is turning fractionally slower than expected False
Yemen's war leaves children on the brink of famine False
These opening movie title sequences need their own award category True
The Raiders, Patriots and Seahawks could each clinch a playoff berth in Week 14. 

Here's how: True
#ICYMI: top #entertainment news from the day True
Police officer dies after falling into massive sinkhole False
Mystery of ancient Egyptian legs likely solved: They’re Queen Nefertari’s knees False
Liberal journalists coming to grips with Trump's win, Hillary's loss  via @HowardKurtz @MediaBuzzFNC False
Hunger is stalking the world's youngest capital as South Sudan's war continues False
Why this mom is certain her C-section scar makes her a "badass mama" True
Who ya got? True
Charges filed against suspected "Pizzagate" gunman False
Europe will send a rover to Mars but won’t protect Earth from an asteroid False
How Theresa May's childhood heroine inspired her taste for leather #premium True
UPDATE: One dead after Mt Warning campers struck by lightning, rescue operation underway False
FYI: Holiday shipping deadlines for UPS, FedEx and major retailers False
'Legion' gets a proper premiere date and a trippy new trailer from FX. False
Supreme Court tackles gerrymandered districts False
Jimmy Kimmel will host the 2017 Academy Awards, his first time at the helm of the Oscars False
President-elect Trump adviser on Taiwan call: "If China doesn't like it, screw 'em" False
Donald Trump responds to criticism his engagement with Taiwanese president True
Tyson Foods has launched a $150 million venture capital fund False
U.S. Service-Sector Activity Surged in November False
"Last Tango in Paris" rape scene revelation sparks outrage False
Bana Alabed, 7-year-old girl tweeting from eastern Aleppo, disappears from Twitter False
New Zealand's prime minister, John Key, surprised the country by announcing he would resign next week False
Japanese prime minister to make historic visit to Pearl Harbor with President Obama False
How to boost your Social Security check by 85% True
Breaking: Donald Trump to nominate Ben Carson as secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban Development False
Even credit/debit cards aren't safe #demonetisation True
Donald Trump and his transition team are basking in vindication after their election victory, says @StCollinson False
Euro Falls After Italy Says No to Changes Seen as Vital for Growth False
LOOK: Soldiers push vehicle with Fidel Castro's ashes after it breaks down in procession False
China is chasing Silicon Valley talent unnerved by Trump False
Public Enemy No. 1 of Venezuela’s revolutionary government is a Home Depot employee in central Alabama False
You Won't Believe Who Trump Dressed As for 'Superhero' Costume Party True
Hundreds of veterans gather at Dakota pipeline to "support the tribes" False
America's most livable states, ranked True
Weddings? The entire #WeddingSeason has been postponed! All thanks to #Demonetisation False
Shawn Mendes performs "Mercy" &amp; "Treat You Better" on #SNL False
For the first time ever, the Mall of America is hosting an African-American Santa False
Man arrested after Twitter message urging people to 'Jo Cox an MP' True
How one entrepreneur makes time to stay healthy True
After @YUVSTRONG12 is it time for @ImZaheer to get hitched? False
Here's why Hillary Clinton lost True
Why the ultra-rich are scooping up real estate and ditching hedge funds False
After a toddler accidentally shot and killed his older sister, a family’s wounds run deep True
Trump’s phone call with Taiwan president sparks China complaint True
Passengers on @jetairways mumbai-bhopal flight were 'bribed' to leave their seats False
Teen becomes first contestant to wear hijab in Miss Minnesota USA pageant False
A longtime Hillary Clinton staffer is looking at running for office in Virginia False
“Now that he’s president-elect, you just hope that he can make the world a better place. He won fair and square.” False
Decapitated body found along river identified as missing 16-year-old  via @NBCBoston False
Donald Trump spoke by telephone with Taiwan’s leader, which could lead to a major rift with China False
Here's how automakers will monetize the data collected from connected cars: False
#ICYMI: '#Tinder for #Christmas' social media service helping holiday 'orphans' make connections False
Advertisers have invaded schools and national parks. How can we avoid a commercial dystopia?  via @NYTOpinion False
White House announces support for requiring women to register for military draft. False
An ex-NFL player was shot and killed in a possible road-rage incident False
U.S. returns collection of illegally smuggled artifacts to Egypt. False
Aides for Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton start shouting match in post-election forum: False
Campaign aides shout it out in post-election forum False
Former NFL player fatally shot in Louisiana  via @YahooSports False
Trump threatens "consequences" for U.S. firms that relocate offshore False
30 powerful pictures that defined American history True
WATCH: @jessebwatters Confronts @hampshirecolg Pres. Over Flag Removal False
Magic mushroom drug psilocybin may help cancer patients False
Millennial parents are still grappling with the aftermath of The Great Recession False
2016 was a banner year for HIV/AIDS research False
Bernie Sanders says Carrier took Trump hostage and won False
Bang &amp; Olufsen's fancy Beoplay H9 headphones come with noise cancellation False
Reddit will start taking action against its most toxic users, ranging from warnings to bans False
Colombian Congress ratifies new Farc peace accord False
Nearly 2,000 New Zealand residents sign up for countrywide “Secret Santa” game False
Panama Papers: Europol links 3,500 names to suspected criminals False
Check out @MileyCyrus' new tattoo of her dog Emu  #emufanclub False
#DearWhitePeople is exactly the show we need right now False
Blame FDR for this "Hundred Days" standard, whose meaning has changed since 1933  via @WSJOpinion False
PM's campaign event in Scottish forest prompts new claims she is hiding False
Behind the rise of French candidate Emmanuel Macron: relentless networking False
President Trump focuses on first 100 day successes, triumphs in weekly address. False
Manafort-linked lobbying firm registers as foreign agent False
Think it might be time for a career change? Here are the signs: True
Guests at luxury Fyre Festival where tickets cost $12,000 'mugged, stranded and hungry' False
15 mistakes you're making when trying to lose weight True
NZ Immigration Minister says US, Australia visa change announcement a coincidence  #auspol False
Quiz: Is this a real headline or a satirical one from Trump's 100 days? True
Here’s every law Trump has signed in his first 100 days False
It's @kickstarter's eighth birthday — here's a look at the company's Brooklyn headquarters False
#Prince's "Purple Rain" Expanded Edition coming June 23 with unreleased tracks False
Wayne Rooney may play in midfield for Manchester United against Swansea  via @guardian_sport False
Brexit: Tusk says UK trade deal not a priority False
Oops, wrong ship! Chinese defence ministry apologises for Photoshop fail True
This #CRPFJawan is the latest to join the list of men in uniform venting out against government apathy. #SukmaAttack False
Is President Trump delivering for the middle class? Here's a look at his record False
Facing calls for a shake-up, Samsung offers ‘Plan B’ False
United reached a settlement with David Dao, the man who was brutally dragged off a plane. False
Caitlyn Jenner visits White House for meetings with Trump administration officials. False
What Nebraska's ranchers and farmers said about the Keystone XL pipeline True
Senators' Bobby Ryan grew up with a double life, lived with his fugitive father False
Clare Balding: The Queen gave us a Shetland pony when I was born and it became part of the family False
U.K. police detain man on terrorism suspicions near Parliament False
.@CheapTrick debuts "Long Time Coming" single from "We're All Alright!" album (exclusive) False
.@JonahHill trolls "stupid" skateboard ads in Palace video announcing NYC store False
Samsung has had a terrible run lately except for that whole making piles of cash thing False
Why getting fired is worse than divorce True
Update: #ArtOfLiving has denied that any such notice has been issued False
Comcast beats estimates as film unit surprises at the box office False
J.K. Rowling drops Twitter hints about a big 'Fantastic Beasts 2' plot point False
Kim Jong-Un is big fan of Serie A football after exploits of Cagliari's North Korean striker Kwang-Song Han False
Australian woman found dead in Bali thought to have crashed the scooter she was driving, @adharves reports False
Does Putin still favor his sidekick Medvedev? True
Tweak it or junk it? Trump’s shifting signals on Nafta False
.@TheLeadCNN with @jaketapper airs now. Watch on CNN and @CNNgo: False
American Airlines to raise pay for pilots, flight attendants False
Here are the biggest names that have been let go by ESPN in its latest round of layoffs True
Snake hunter bags 14ft python in mass cull False
Donald Trump's Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin announces 'biggest tax cut in history' False
What is the most extravagant wedding you have attended? True
After signing EO, Trump replies to question about sanctuary city ruling: “I’m never surprised by the Ninth Circuit” False
If history is any guide, players of Marshawn Lynch's caliber tend to do well when they come out of retirement. False
ESPN is laying off 100 employees, including some veteran on-air personalities False
Oil spikes as inventories post their biggest drop of the year False
ESPN announces layoffs, with 100 people reportedly affected False
The warden accused of beating the boy has been arrested by authorities False
🎻😢 True
One Guardians of the Galaxy 2 character is lucky to be in the sequel True
Watch John Boyega hilariously photobomb 'Star Wars' fans for a good caus False
Republicans drop border wall spending from government funding bill False
Tom Hardy chases down moped thief, declares: 'I caught the c***' False
Two days away from the draft, the Trubisky-Watson debate remains unsettled.

Mock draft: False
Britain First tried to take down Gary Lineker and he had an incredible response False
Pavlich: 'Dishonest' Flynn Should Never Have Been Picked for #Trump Cabinet False
Here’s what you need to know about Marine Le Pen False
Watch this very popular $140 drone being hacked to the ground: True
Trump defends birth-control requirement under Obamacare False
Kobe Bryant performs slam poetry about Steve Urkel, sings 'Moana' song on 'Fallon.' False
Are removing Confederate monuments like erasing history?  via @NBCBLK False
Burt Reynolds talks Trump, lost loves and his latest movie False
Mysteries of crown-like structures on Venus' surface revealed True
Afghanistan defence minister and army chief of staff resign over deadly Taliban attack. False
For older people living alone, daily automated calls can mean safety False
Do You Think These Rom-Com Couples Stayed Together After The Movie Ended? True
Scott Baio's harsh words on co-star's death: "You do drugs or drink, you're gonna die" False
Ukip integration policy launch descends into full integrated fiasco | John Crace False
New trend for wedding tattoos see loved-up newlyweds getting inked True
Elton John has canceled his entire Caesars Palace concert run due to "unusual bacterial infection" False
7 dinners under $10 you should make this week False
#AnzacDay: Indigenous soldiers thought 'when we got back we'd be treated differently' False
Highest-paying companies in America:
1. A.T. Kearney
2. Strategy&amp;
3. VMWare False
Pension funds, foundation criticize Southern Co. executive compensation False
The Guardian view on Egypt’s dictatorship: a war of Sisi’s own making | Editorial False
Calling your boss a "nasty motherfucker" shouldn't get you fired, judges rule False
T.J. couldn't have had a better example to guide him to success in the NFL False
Sean Spicer on North Korea: "I think China... has been very, very helpful in this process and continues to be” False
NFL teams are excited about T.J.’s raw athleticism, and it’s easy to see why True
Arkansas prepares for first double execution in US since 2000   #FOXNewsUS False
Female astronaut breaks record held by men for most time spent in space False
24 #CRPF jawans were killed today in a deadly ambush by Naxals in the #Sukma area of Chhattisgarh. #RIP False
Perrigo CEO faces mounting pressure as investors sound alarms False
It's Holocaust Remembrance Day. Did you know anti-Semitic threats are way up? False
Science journal retracts 107 'fabricated' research papers by Chinese authors False
Bill Nye slams CNN for putting climate change skeptic on #EarthDay panel False
Ikea's iconic 99 cent bag gets a high-fashion upgrade courtesy of Balenciaga False
A look back at Prince's iconoclastic style False
"Fate of the Furious" approaches $1 billion after another box office win False
My grandfather died fighting for Hitler. What should we make of his legacy? False
This Batman-themed pregnancy announcement is a geek couple's dream True
What to cook this week True
"I see a lazy kid that makes four plays a game." True
Harry, Niall and Zayn’s solo debuts: A look at the numbers False
London's best historic pubs – perfect places to celebrate #StGeorgesDay False
3 things that could be making you unhappy True
#NitishKumar says, "Pan-India #LiquorBan will lead the whole nation to the path of development and progress." False
The US is ready to do a trade deal with the European Union ahead of any agreement with Britain, it has been reported False
His #crime was that he thought of issuing a fine to a politician's relatives. #MPCop @BJP4India True
Suspect in Fresno killings shouts out in first court hearing False
Here's why Japan's millennials are flocking to this seaside city True
Baffled bride is blocked from her own wedding by police as protesters clash in Cologne False
'Deadpool 2' and two new 'X-Men' movies have official release dates for 2018. False
told you True
The Murdoch sons seem intent to rid 21st Century Fox of the old-guard culture on which their father built his empire False
You knew the #MarchForScience signs were going to be amazing. True
Why some scientists are embracing activism False
More than 100 killed or injured at Afghan military base Taliban attack False
Paris ISIS terrorist was caught two months ago with knives and Scream masks False
Eight people have been electrocuted during a rampage in #Caracas, #Venezuela (Photos: AP) False
Neil deGrasse Tyson cites celebrity flat-Earthers to make a point about politics False
Styx flies to Mars with new album #TheMission: Exclusive premiere of "Gone Gone Gone" track False
"I'm rich, I don't give a f--k"

Footage of Adrien Broner's arrest has been released 

🎥: True
Exxon Mobil denied permission to resume Russian oil work False
Here's how most people have anal sex True
SHOCKER: True
Satire: "Killing Bill" (in the style of noted historian Bill O’Reilly) False
5 classic rap songs that sample Prince ☔️ False
Juicero and United: two real time case studies in crisis PR for entrepreneurs True
High heels row: government response 'a cop-out', says worker True
This general election is the most important we've seen in decades False
Trump's rhetoric and travel bans are having a big effect on America's tourism industry False
Court approves single largest dismissal of convictions in U.S. history False
Taking the Pill can trigger mood swings and make women miserable False
RIP Cuba Gooding Sr.: The "Everybody Plays the Fool" singer &amp; dad to Oscar-winning actor has died at 72 False
NBA offense has never been better. NBA offensive rebounding has never been worse. False
"Stay strong, Papa Bear": Stephen Colbert bids a "fond" farewell to Bill O’Reilly False
The University of California, Berkeley, says Ann Coulter can speak on campus after all False
Mindfulness helps women but not men, first study suggests False
The most spoken language in the world is the one plants use to talk to each other True
U.S. Navy makes distributing nude photos without consent a punishable offense. False
White House restricts access to southern fence: False
Who gets fooled most by phone fraud? True
5 strange "Simpsons" things you haven't seen, even after 30 years False
How well do we know our heroes? A new book shows the darker side of Martin Luther False
VP Mike Pence: U.S. is not seeking to negotiate with North Korea "at this time." False
Aaron Hernandez's death highlights a serious problem False
Aaron Hernandez reportedly wrote "John 3:16" on his forehead before committing suicide: False
Not so hot, not so cold: A newly found planet could be just right for life True
Andre Johnson breaks down crying during retirement speech: “My heart never left this place” False
Florida Senator apologizes for using racial slurs while talking to Black colleagues False
If Shareef O'Neal follows Shaquille O' Neal's NBA footsteps, he'll join a pretty star-studded list. False
Zara pulls frog skirt that resembles alt-right Pepe meme False
Lonzo to the Celtics? 🤔

Our best case scenario for each top prospect in the NBA draft True
Top #entertainment stories from the day True
🚨 Scott Pruitt's signature looks like it says 'penis' 🚨 True
We ranked old people Twitter, because let's face it -- this site ain't sh*t without Cher. False
BBC and ITV on collision course with Theresa May as both say that they want to hold televised debates False
Rep. Kennedy: Medicinal marijuana is a ‘Trojan horse’ for the recreational drug industry False
Municipal bonds are having a unprecedented winning streak False
The stunning fall of Aaron Hernandez True
Alec Baldwin gives Stephen Colbert Trump impression tips on 'Late Show.' False
Bill Shorten claims 77pc of 457 visa workers excluded from checks thanks to FTAs (pic: AAP) False
The SEC is investigating a hedge fund that promises investors no losses False
United CEO Oscar Munoz says no one will be fired for dragging man off plane incident False
What? @WhoSunilGrover is finally returning on #TheKapilSharmaShow? 😱
@KapilSharmaK9 False
Is UNICEF helping all the child victims of peacekeeper sex abuse? True
E-sports will be included in the 2022 Asian Games. False
#Trump follows #Turnbull's move to overhaul foreign worker #visa (Pic: Reuters) False
Chevron sells British Columbia refinery and gas stations to Parkland in $1.1 billion deal False
Oklahoma Sheriff's Deputy gunned down, suspect captured after manhunt False
are u ready for a 4,0000% sanitized 'inside look' at hrc's election night? False
Did you lose your job when BHS went into administration? False
American Airlines, claiming it lacks planes, drops charter flight deals with six NFL teams False
Owner of Ohio gun range says Cleveland murder suspect visited his facility a few months ago. False
Police are on the hunt for a man who took a selfie at the wheel while driving False
Disabled Army veteran fights off intruder at Georgia home   via @FOX5Atlanta False
Revealed: 100,000 wait more than two weeks to see cancer specialist False
Headaches abound for Minnesota man declared dead by the IRS 29 years ago   via @MyFOX9 False
On his first day on the bench, Justice Neil Gorsuch was an exceptionally active questioner False
“We’re still asking Steve to turn himself in, but if he doesn’t, we’ll find him.” True
Paraguay president backs off re-election bid False
Connecticut hunts for a fix to its bear problem False
If you've ever dreamed of getting up close and personal with a rocket launch, YOUR TIME IS NOW True
Bank investors, who haven’t focused on consumer credit risks in recent years, should start paying attention True
U.S. Army charges retired general with raping a minor in 1980s False
Salt Bae voted, and it definitely calls for a Photoshop Battle True
6 things you should never store on your work computer True
This is why you should let a stranger choose your profile picture True
28 times celebrities asked hilarious questions on Twitter True
The “era of strategic patience is over” with North Korea, Vice President Mike Pence declares False
Mother, daughter die in grisly sauna accident True
How safe is your DNA? True
#SonuNigam tweeted a controversial opinion about #Azaan and #Muslims which left everyone #furious! 😮😮😮#Trending True
Hundreds of Palestinian prisoners in Israel go on hunger strike False
New series "Famous in Love" explores the glamour and darkness of Hollywood  via @NBCOUT False
20-year-old college student charged with hazing in peanut butter allergy case False
A man was arrested for assaulting and pushing a woman onto the subway tracks False
Watch: Jerusalem and Bethlehem celebrate Easter Sunday False
A $165 billion manager says the Japanese stock gloom is overdone False
Watch Alec Baldwin turn Trump into "The Bachelor" False
“Pimps are clever and can avoid some hotels. But they can’t avoid all hotels.” False
Fate of the Furious just broke the record for biggest opening weekend in global history: False
Opinion: Steve Bannon was doomed False
McMaster says North Korea’s behavior ‘can’t continue’ False
First Read: Can religious leaders talk politics from the pulpit? False
The best TV and film Easter eggs of the year True
Baseball hall-of-famer's heart transplant beats with inspiration False
These #ForbesU30Asia honorees are making the personal scaleable True
This airline will give you nearly £8000 for bumping you off a flight True
Melissa McCarthy is Easter Spicey, the apologizing Easter Bunny False
Republicans catch up in Georgia special election early voting False
A suicide prevention net will save lives on the Golden Gate Bridge False
i thought michelle obama already made this happen? True
Heart singer Ann Wilson's husband sentenced in teen assault False
Don't call it a "Tesla killer" — but the Lucid electric car might be just that True
Reminder: Update your Windows OS .. like today False
Severe turbulence will get worse in the future. The reason? Climate change False
In praise of Agatha Christie's accidental sleuths False
Policewoman in Argentina who nearly died in a horrific car crash wakes up 'thanks to baby she gave birth to in coma' False
Use that vote True
J. Cole explains why he has moved away from pursuing fame, previews his new documentary: False
Dems challenge Jared Kushner's security clearance over hidden Russian meetings False
Build Your Ideal Breakfast And We'll Tell You If You're More Type A, B, Or C True
could it also be time for a fresh wave of rachel dolezals and shaun kings True
Walmart is reportedly about to buy the hottest men's clothing brand True
Summer movie preview: What to watch if you just want to see the best of the best True
What is he planning? True
Tim Stanley: The Good Friday sacrifice shows us what we, too, are capable of False
Why every new employee @WarbyParker gets Kerouac and pretzels as a welcome gift True
EASTER VIOLENCE? Fugitive purportedly writes letter threatening churches True
The Internet has found its viral photo of the day! #EktaKapoor takes a selfie with iconic bahus #Parvati and #Tulsi True
#BREAKING: British student stabbed to death by Palestinian attacker in Jerusalem False
Is France finally ready to choose Marine Le Pen as president? False
Teacher awarded almost half a million pounds after being hit over head with skate board by violent pupil False
Nintendo will release a mini-size Switch in 2019, Citigroup predicts False
This 7th grader is fighting cancer with green tea False
Two Secret Service officers have been fired over the March 10th White House fence jumper incident, sources say False
Teen accidentally shoots and kills himself as friends watch on Instagram Live: False
ruh roh True
2017 #StellaPrize: What will be named Australia's best #book by a female author? 📚 False
First black female judge on New York's highest court was found dead in Hudson River. Police believe it was a suicide False
Sara Connor urges #Bali High Court not to increase sentence False
Opinion: Give Medicaid dollars directly to patients, say Justin Haskins &amp; Michael Hamilton: False
Qurans found dumped in toilets at University of Texas  via @NBCDFW False
US military drops 'mother of all bombs on IS' in Afghanistan False
#BREAKING: US military drops 'mother of all bombs' on Isis in Afghanistan False
Confused 3-year-old has some serious questions about Easter traditions False
crossings down, assaults up
dey angry True
Quote of the day:  #TopInfluencers False
Analysis: What Ahmadinejad’s run says about the state of Iranian politics False
Why the Syrian chemical weapons problem is so hard to solve True
Jude Law to play young Dumbledore in #FantasticBeasts sequel  #harrypotter False
Should you be worried about political risk? (Insurers sure are) True
Special rooms for autistic kids a growing trend at airports False
Traffic jams are inevitable in larger cities, but they aren't usually caused by foam tomahawks. False
Jarvis Landry believes they will sweep Patriots in upcoming season False
Police make arrest following incident in which multiple explosions went off near team bus of German soccer club. False
.@msdhoni may not have been responding to the taunts by @hvgoenka, but his wife #Sakshi is in no mood to keep silent True
Best ways to stream live TV without cable True
Morning brief: GOP retains vacated seat in Kansas special House election False
How readers reacted to a video of a passenger removed from a United Airlines flight False
Scientists reveal new mechanical pump 'can lead to full recovery from heart failure' False
Revolution bandmates to speak at Prince anniversary event False
The art of the apology: The BBC's @KattyKayBBC on United's CEO and Sean Spicer's apologies False
United's "flyer friendly" ad is less cheerful with passenger-ejection clip False
Investors are showing increasing concern before the French presidential elections False
Officer on leave after forcibly removing passenger from overbooked United Airlines flight False
Inside the Obamas' $13K-a-night vacation False
17 things couples in open relationships need you to know True
Scott Walker moves to kill a century-old nature magazine, angering readers False
Krauthammer: #Syria Strike 'Total Contradiction to Bannonism' False
AlphaGo is on the verge of confirming it's better than humans can ever hope to be. False
NFL players who participated in Las Vegas arm wrestling contest will be fined, per @RapSheet False
.@Shakira &amp; @Maluma's "Chantaje" reaches 1 billion views on YouTube False
LGBT couples in Hawaii lobby for equal access to fertility treatment. False
The riddle of a blue and black dress which went viral may be solved True
10 @Shakira songs that prove she's a hopeless romantic: from "Te Necesito" to "Me Enamore" False
U.S. soldier killed in action during operation in Afghanistan, military spokesperson says. False
Selena Gomez &amp; The Weeknd snuggle up in sweet Instagram selfie True
How to take advantage of flight delays, by someone who made $11,000 from Delta this weekend: True
27 new songs you need to hear True
An Augusta green jacket was found at a Canadian thrift store and it can be yours False
Fox uses Trump's 'pussy grabbing tapes to teach employees about harassment' False
Sen. Graham on @MeetThePress: "Here’s what I think Assad is telling Trump by flying from this base: ‘F you.’" False
How you spend your weekend says a lot about you. Here’s how successful people do it: True
27 drinking memes you need to send to your school friends True
The marriage gap between millennials and boomers is stark False
Now Donald Trump must fight the war he isn't ready for False
Are you a night owl? It may be a gene mutation True
Egypt State Media: Bombing at Church in Nile Delta False
ADPVoice: 3 ways to equalize the treatment of women in the workplace False
New Mexico has outlawed shaming children whose parents are behind on school lunch payments False
Anthony “Rumble” Johnson announces retirement following #UFC210 False
Burying the Hatchet? Bannon, Kushner reportedly meet, 'smooth' differences False
 False
After its worst peacetime attack, Sweden strikes a defiant tone False
A new biography of Prince Charles reveals his love of Monty Python and key role of Camilla False
You know already about Russell Westbrook's season triple-double.

But dig deeper and the stats are even more absurd: False
31 times the classroom was more extra than educational True
This North Dakota teen got accepted by all 8 Ivy League schools. And Stanford. And MIT. False
Brutal gang beating of teen refugee shocks cosmopolitan Londoners False
Senators can't say why Trump thinks his Syria strike was legal ➡️ by @lbarronlopez @mmauliff False
Venezuela opposition leader Capriles 'banned from politics' False
Just 21 perfect Tumblr posts about the badass women of "Harry Potter" False
Watch WizKid's kaleidoscopic "Come Closer" video featuring Drake False
These are the unhappiest jobs of 2017 True
Mel B's husband reportedly files for divorce citing "irreconcilable differences" False
Five things you need to know today
•US strikes Syria
•SCOTUS
•Russia investigation
•Baltimore police
•Obamacare False
Blockbusters assemble: can the mega movie survive the digital era? True
Want to do your bit for #Syria and the Syrians? This is something you could consider True
Read President Trump’s full remarks following the US military strikes on Syria False
Russians were notified of U.S. airstrikes in Syria prior to missile strikes, U.S. official says. False
"How I regularly book round-trip international flights for less than $400" True
Weekly quiz True
Opinion: Pepsi shows how America loves to erase black women False
Pretend To Order From In-N-Out And We’ll Reveal Who You Once Were True
GOP member of House Intelligence Committee claims 'unmasked' reports were detailed True
How to qualify for the Masters, the world's most prestigious golf tournament False
What it means for the Senate to 'go nuclear' on Gorsuch nomination: False
Trump faces major diplomatic test in summit with China's Xi Jinping: False
Partial transcript: Donald Trump’s interview with The Times False
European Parliament is a paper tiger and Britain must not fear these #Brexit blowhards False
J.K. Rowling approves of this person's Twitter troll-crushing technique True
Uber contract 'gibberish', says MP investigating gig economy False
This 8-year-old girl found living with monkeys in #UP could quite possibly be a real life #Mowgli False
Missing mother and two sons found safe after huge police hunt False
Muslim man is beaten to death by 'cow vigilantes' in India False
Jay Z is selling a new line of Ace of Spades at $850 a bottle. False
Holiday meals come with the weight of expectations, but they needn’t be totally predictable True
This artificial leaf makes fertilizer just using sunlight and air True
The Donald Trump of Brazil declares war on graffiti False
 True
"We're not going to BS each other. It's going to be all laid out." True
Nivea has pulled an ad featuring the phrase "White is purity" after being accused of racial insensitivity False
There's a new, bizarre way for caffeine addicts to have their coffee True
These are the 50 best restaurants in the world — have you been to any of them? True
Scientists create an artificial brain connection that LEARNS like the human mind False
Federal labor union blasts Trump’s climate order as an "assault" on EPA, public health False
Police attempt to change scope of undercover officers inquiry False
Oil watchers see little price gains for 2017 False
The fad may be over, but Pokémon Go still has 65 million monthly active players False
Yahoo confuses twitterverse by rebranding its core business as Oath False
 True
Romo has broadcasting interest from CBS and FOX, per @RapSheet

Details: False
10 things you need to know before the opening bell True
A teenage girl was told she can't bring her girlfriend to prom and the internet is furious False
Keith Richards remembers Chuck Berry... and that time the rock icon punched him False
'Sahelian nightmare' True
New book sheds light on turmoil of Prince Charles and Princess Diana's marriage  via @GMA False
Race for Life’s branding is cliched and infantile. It’s time to sink the pink | Phoebe-Jane Boyd False
Indian IT professionals face new challenges as Singapore shuts door False
Divers find leg attached to cinder block in search for missing woman True
All the things 'Parks and Recreation' got right and wrong about 2017 True
EU will not give way on Gibraltar, diplomats say as talk of war is dismissed as 'absurd' False
The internet is losing its mind over these eerie photos of Nicola Sturgeon and Margaret Thatcher True
Luke Bryan, jokingly, gets political about the ACM Awards False
Mylan announces nationwide EpiPen recall over potential defect: False
 False
Congress rolls back rules on hunting, broadband privacy. How this could impact you: False
 True
Second Moscow opposition protest leads to arrests False
Bob Dylan finally accepts his Nobel Literature prize at a private gathering False
This Is The Clown Show That Could  Lead To A Government Shutdown This Month True
Chicago police arrest 14-year-old in sex assault shown on Facebook False
This former Vogue model was found dead at 21 True
 True
UK's gender pay rankings will put discrimination under spotlight False
Floodwaters sweep away house minutes after family rescued from roof False
Training your brain so that you don’t need reading glasses True
Louisiana law enforcement officer sentenced in shooting death of boy with autism False
Meet the doctor who developed laser technology to beat cancer  via @NBCBLK False
The Trump administration banned laptops, so this airline is passing them out False
Here are 13 useless things to stop wasting your money on True
Someone threw the 'Veep' music over that awkward Trump non-signing, and it's fantastic False
Under an emerging strategy, Fed would raise short-term interest rates twice more in 2017 and then potentially pause False
Foods that prevent death, disease, and cancer True
10 great pop songs from March you might've missed True
Protests flare in Paraguay congress over vote to extend president’s term False
The 10 most valuable brands in the world True
For hard-liners, even the Trump EPA isn't doing enough to undermine climate science False
Chinese social network Tencent has acquired a 5% stake in Tesla for $1.8 billion False
Wagyu from Japan may be the most expensive steak on the menu, but is it the best? False
Secret Teacher: a counselling course revolutionised my teaching True
A leftist candidate tries to hold the line in Ecuador as Latin America moves right False
Russia is guilty of 'persistent interference' around the world, says America and UK False
ICP is being sued for stealing from 'Chicken Soup for the Soul.' Yes, really. False
Here are the best TV shows and movies coming to Netflix, Amazon and more in April False
Accused sexual predator proclaims April National Sexual Assault Awareness Month False
He bet that the Rockets would beat the Warriors.

He lost. 

🎥: False
Company sets tough test for job applicants: 'Convince us James Blunt isn't awful' False
Glad you cleared that up for us. True
#ThisDayThatYear: @imVkohli blows away #WestIndies False
Bombing Near Shiite Place of Worship Kills 22 in NW Pakistan False
Maldivian model who appeared on the cover of Vogue commits suicide in Bangladesh False
Brokers to get new tools to fight abuse of senior investors False
Teen wants to take his grandma to prom, but his high school says no True
How Kendrick Lamar and Big Sean's relationship went wrong: False
Actor accidentally spoils murder mystery on live TV False
Two Democratic senators say they will vote confirm Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch. False
.@iTIGERSHROFF recently revealed that he, too, battled #mentaldisorder False
These are the winners in this year's Sony World Photography Awards  via @CNNTravel False
Paul Ryan on Pres. Trump’s tweet targeting conservative House members: “I understand the President’s frustration." False
Trevor Noah has a theory about why Trump won't throw the Nationals' opening pitch True
He said he "can guarantee their acquittal" if they renounce Christianity and convert to Islam" False
Here's the real reason your friend's #glutenfree diet is probably making them feel better False
.@flintoff11 and @professorgreen discuss their battles with mental illness #HeadsTogether False
U.S. and Turkey are set on a collision course, writes @Yarotrof False
Climate change: China calls US 'selfish' after Trump seeks to bring back coal False
Man with distinct face tattoo sentenced to 15 years for assaulting pregnant girlfriend False
Trump EPA declines to ban pesticide that Obama had proposed outlawing False
Uh, spiders could eat all of us in a year, just in case you were wondering True
🚨 hot take 🚨 LaVar Ball is a genius True
Why do women in these 5 states opt more often for unneeded mastectomies? True
BBC hires rising star who has campaigned to get women into golf to be TV colleague of 'sexist dinosaur' Peter Alliss False
Are you on track to reach your retirement goals? Find out: False
What the death of Obama's internet privacy rules means False
Police and public remember Westminster attack victims – video False
A referee who worked Kentucky's Elite Eight loss to UNC has been receiving death threats from angry fans: False
This London Underground advert is causing a massive sexism row False
Rich Kids of TUNISIA parade their wealth in envy-inducing Instagram snaps False
Trump just proposed an immediate $1.2 billion cut to the National Institutes of Health False
Famine looms in Africa as Trump slashes aid False
What will happen to the economy now Article 50 has been triggered False
This cat yoga trend serves a much bigger purpose True
A Pair of Classic Rock Events Will Bring Fleetwood Mac and the Eagles to the Coasts False
The new status symbol? What “I’m so busy!” really tells your friends: True
These 9 states are where taxpayers get the most for their tax dollars True
This nap could reduce the risks of #diabetes, #heartproblems and #depression True
Adults who reported never watching TV or videos during family meals had significantly #lower odds of #obesity False
Did Donald Trump just kill the Paris climate change deal?  (Pic: Reuters) False
Ivory Coast's former first lady Simone Gbagbo acquitted False
The investigators claimed to have got "clinching evidence" against them True
October 31 can't come soon enough True
.@bani_j is definitely a woman worth taking inspiration from False
ISIS sex slave reveals she had her jihadist 'husband' killed in DRONE STRIKE before fleeing after two years of hell False
Cyclone Debbie slams into Australia, knocking out power to thousands False
Breast-feeding study sheds light on benefits for babies False
Germany accuses Turkey of 'unacceptable' spying False
Barry Jenkins, who directed "Moonlight," is adapting Colson Whitehead's "The Underground Railroad" for Amazon False
"There must be something in the water": Fire dept. welcomes 6 babies in 7 months False
Gummy bear giant Haribo has announced plans to open its first US factory False
Ryan Reynolds reveals how he feels watching wife Blake Lively kiss other actors False
U.K. offices were sold at an 18% discount last year False
Neil Gorsuch vote delayed by Judiciary Committee   via @foxnewspolitics False
Another 14-year-old victim. True
Great economic expectations are the bull market's next big test False
Huge gold coin worth $1m stolen from museum False
Even Republican Christian Moms in Texas are fighting for medical marijuana.

COME ON. False
JPMORGAN: Wall Street is underestimating the next iPhone 'super cycle' False
Firefighters can see through smoke with new thermal mask True
Watch Lady Gaga and Stevie Wonder perform at Elton John's 70th birthday False
.@KatyPerry, @Maroon5 &amp; @NiallOfficial will headline the 2017 #WangoTango concert False
Parents release video of teen believed kidnapped by teacher False
Schumer jumps at chance to work with Trump on health care, other issues False
Just one week in and #UP Chief minister #YogiAdityanath has already taken over 50 administrative decisions False
Yesterday, President @realDonaldTrump tweeted about ObamaCare. False
Deadly U.S. airstrike - Wanted Al Qaeda terrorist leader killed. False
Man charged in theft of John Legend's bag, $25K cufflinks at JFK False
Poker tables keep decreasing on Nevada casino floors False
Merkel faces test in closely watched Saarland state election False
At least 14 people were shot at a nightclub in Cincinnati early Sunday morning, police say False
66% of cancer-causing mutations based just on natural changes False
After criticizing Pres. Trump, Republican Beth Fukumoto resigns from GOP False
Thousands pay tribute to NYC medic run over by stolen ambulance False
Sure. True
Watch #CycloneDebbie press conference for updates False
Aussie politicians sell their changes to the Racial Discrimination Act in @rabbitandcoffee's new video.
#insiders False
29 of the most beautiful TV quotes of all time True
Detroit’s surprise luxury apartment boom has city facing the downsides of gentrification False
One of the biggest hedge fund launches of all time is reportedly shutting down True
Ask and you shall receive

Shaq once tipped $4,000 because a restaurant server asked True
Amber Heard says she was warned coming out as bisexual would end her career False
These beer gardens are the best places to finally welcome spring True
Devin Booker never reached 20 pts in college. He had never reached 40 pts in the NBA.

Last night, he scored 70. False
It's been a record-breaking year for self-made female billionaires  #ForbesBillionaires False
Why working-class Americans are dying younger True
'Stolen child' True
Searching for a job? Pay attention to these 5 mistakes that keep you from getting interviews True
A visual guide to Republicans opposing the GOP health care bill False
EU antitrust chief: A handful of companies may have misled the bloc for merger clearance False
'All of us are essentially in the dark': Adam Schiff slams House Intel chair for canceling public Russia hearings False
A Muslim group raised $25,000 for victims of the London attack in 48 hours False
How to sell your home: Property stylists reveal cosmetic secrets behind locking a sale True
Westminster attack survivor: it's wonderful to be alive – video False
This is because the #Indian government is in talks with the #Trump administration on the matter. #H1BVisa False
A combination of #chocolate &amp; #coffee helps control feelings of #anxiety.
@healthmeup #HleathMeUp False
London attack: Theresa May evacuated from Westminster False
Two-thirds of all cancerous mutations occur entirely by chance False
Beautiful vacations on the dime: here’s 30 cheap but beautiful places to go in 2017 False
Uber will totally narc on teens False
The Duchess of Cambridge admits she suffers from a lack of confidence over the pressure of being a 'perfect parent' False
John Mayer on why he left pop music’s A-list and how ready he is, emotionally and musically, to return False
LeBron James calls out his team's "toughness" following loss to Nuggets. False
'Shots Fired' had everyone talking last night. Here's why. True
"Walking Dead" star Ross Marquand does some killer impressions False
Slater and Gordon investors lose hope of recovering money as shares crash to 11c False
Is there more to this #LondonAttacks photo than meets the eye? True
William Shatner ignites feud with the #Bachelor Nick Viall False
Starbucks plans to hire more U.S. military veterans after facing backlash over its promise to hire refugees False
Schiff: If Nunes continues to go to the WH instead of committee, "there's no way we can conduct this investigation" False
🎵 Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Snapchat filters... 🎵 False
We might soon be getting new films on VOD around the same time they’re in cinemas False
Muslim teen denied entry into US despite being a citizen False
How AI can prove workers' best defense in the race against automation False
Two Van Gogh paintings stolen in a heist more than 14 years ago are recovered from a mafia hideout False
Captain Planet returns – to take superhero TV down to zero False
Ivanka Trump's brand at center of new lawsuit False
Americans leaving large debts when they die False
Texas 'affluenza' teen's lawyers seek his release from jail. False
Pakistan reinstates secret military courts despite criticism False
Australian shares drop steeply on US sell-off #ASX #S&amp;P500 False
Big Sean's mogul prep program will help students break into the entertainment world: False
LeBron, CP3 among the top players over the age of 30 False
High doses of Vitamin c found in ORANGES could halt the growth of cancer False
Everything you need to know about the #Sweet16 True
Sales of Chuck Berry's music were up more than 10,000% after his death False
Accusation minister lied about massacre 'could be in contempt of parliament' False
Bodyguard who found Hitler and Eva Braun's dead bodies reveals details of their lives False
EU leaders will meet for first 'Brexit summit' on April 29 False
Rogue One: original ending could have made a happier Star Wars story False
Future schools: core subjects only, parents pay for the rest | Laura McInerney False
Trump, White House push back on Russia ties brought up in House hearing False
Martin McGuinness, IRA chief of staff turned Sinn Féin politician – obituary #Premium False
President Trump's daughter Ivanka to get White House office False
Ivanka Trump now has an office in the WH &amp; access to classified info, but no official job. False
A new generation of frank novels for boys aims to do what Judy Blume has done for generations of girls False
Maybe there is something to the Mediterranean diet after all? True
#LGBTQ community worried about hate crime prosecutions  via @NBCOUT False
Troll so hard 😳 #MarchMadness True
All NCAA Tournament games will be available online, here's how to watch False
Why you should be investing in international stocks: False
Are U.S. jobs vulnerable to workers with H-1B visas? False
A look back on @Emmawatson's style over the years False
LeBron James responds to criticism Cavaliers received for resting stars against Clippers. False
Sending money overseas could get faster but first, banks have to agree False
Slain NYC medic's son: "Seeing everyone she affected, I know she didn't die in vain." False
'I need to make sure you're from here before I serve you.' Waiter fired for asking cutomers for proof of residency False
Sources: Warriors feel Durant should have gotten some acknowledgement from the Thunder for his service to the team. False
Word salad. True
Lords warn leaving EU legal framework poses risks for cross-border cases False
Check out the full credits for @Drake's 'More Life' album. False
This one trick lets you add live photos to Instagram: True
Earth just had its second-warmest February on record False
Families face reality of possible budget cuts killing programs they use (via @goodmorningamerica) False
Alex Salmond accused of rewriting history over 'once in a lifetime' referendum pledge False
ROBERT SHILLER: 'This market is way overpriced' False
The immense superyacht concept that would cost $600,000 -- just to refuel False
The most tricked out cruise ship is hitting the high seas True
Beware The False Temptations Of The Russia Story False
North Korea tests newly developed high-thrust rocket engine False
Celebs, social media stars raise $1 million for Somalis facing famine False
The incredible true story of the real life "Trading Places" False
Chuck Berry has died at 90, and the world's paying tribute: False
"Don't stop fighting." Wrongfully convicted man released from prison after 32 years False
Trump's St. Patrick's Day 'proverb' has a really weird history (but definitely wasn't written by a Nigerian poet) False
A rare five-legged lamb has been born at a farm in Derbyshire and named after Forrest Gump to inspire him to run False
Arsene Wenger has made a decision over his Arsenal future True
President Trump is going to war with the numbers he doesn’t like False
Remote tribe living deep in the Amazon found to have the healthiest arteries ever studied False
Don Dale female detainees given morning-after pill following alleged sex during riot False
Ed Sheeran drops official lyric video for Irish-tinged "Galway Girl" on #StPatricksDay False
#LGBTIQ supporter groups form across AFL after last year's pride game False
Trump's 'Irish proverb' appears to be a poem by a Nigerian banker who wrote it in college False
Icahn pressed EPA candidates on an ethanol rule he wants scrapped False
Trump's Twitter account explains his rise to the White House True
White House sends satirical news story by accident in daily newsletter and do you guys even read True
Prince William in Paris on first official visit since mother Diana's death False
Meals on Wheels donations, volunteer sign-ups soar after Trump eyes cuts False
Dalai Lama says he is a 'son of India' False
When colleges close what happens to their endowments? False
5 things for Friday:

- Wiretapping
- North Korea
- Africa
- Budget cuts
- USA Gymnastics False
Russia pushes to boost arms exports False
Pastor discovers huge 706-carat uncut diamond False
Vanderbilt’s Matthew Fisher-Davis discusses late foul in loss to Northwestern False
.@msdhoni has been rescued from the fire! True
National Weather Service accused of knowingly misleading public False
Iraqi soldiers are now using SHUTTLECOCK grenades attached to drones to bomb jihadis False
BBC reporter describes up-close encounter with Mt. Etna eruption. "I was extremely scared." False
Speaker Paul Ryan on health care plan: "It's not my bill, it's our bill," written with House, Senate and White House False
#DutchElection: Defeat of populist candidate in Netherlands may not be replayed in France False
Trump's wiretapping claims have been rejected by Senate Intelligence chiefs False
21 funny texts that you won’t be able to get through without laughing True
Firing federal workers isn’t as easy as Trump makes it seem in his budget False
Developing: True
Rachel Maddow's Trump tax report proves a comedy gold mine for late night TV hosts True
Can you spot all NINE faces hidden in this painting? True
Sir Roger Gale MP accused of sexism after referring to his female staff as 'girls' False
Only People With Amazing Vision Can Correctly Match These Colors True
Trump to celebrate Andrew Jackson’s 250th birthday in Nashville, attend a rally False
Fed dot plot March 2017 False
15-seeds upset 2-seeds four times in the past five tourneys.

So fancy steak dinners aren't out of the question. False
The quest to pull off an Alaskan oil miracle True
Republicans still mad about health care as a “right” should blame Reagan ➡️ by @svdate False
#ICYMI: Quiz: How much do you know about #headaches?  #Health False
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson embarks on Asia trip this week amid Korea concerns False
Ivanka Trump is going downmarket False
Cheltenham Festival: Douvan can make it 14 wins in a row for Mullins  via @guardian_sport False
Vaughan Gething: ‘We will still get people saying everything is awful in Wales’ | David Brindle False
Girl Guides of Canada has banned travel to the U.S. False
Eagle-eyed @Twitter users spot glamour shot of Kellyanne Conway during TV interview False
Blind woman claims she was kicked off American Airlines flight with service dog False
Why General Motors Has Already Lost to Tesla True
Icy windshield? Don't scrape it — do this instead:  via @NBCNewsBETTER True
Toshiba looking to sell Westinghouse nuclear business False
.@priyankachopra, who was in New York during #Holi, was seen attending @jimmyfallon’s #TheTonightShow False
Lesbian and bisexual women are being incorrectly told they don't need smear tests, LGBT charities say False
Boaty McBoatface is back and will begin its first mission this week False
In war-torn Mosul, not all civilians are fleeing. A determined few remain. False
Surprise, surprise

UConn is the No. 1 seed in the NCAA women’s bracket False
Azealia Banks reportedly slashed her sister's neck with a box cutter in 2009: False
#Wallstreet finishes flat on declining healthcare stocks False
#Saraconnor Connor, 'stressed' and 'confused' after jail sentence in #Bali, faces key decision False
What does Scotland's new push for #independence mean? Analysis by @jamesglenday False
7 failed Disney storylines you have to read to believe True
You can now get an ID card if you don’t identify as male or female False
He was almost killed in Afghanistan. Now he’s been painted by the president who sent him there. True
Brazilian President #MichelTemer moved out of the Presidential Palace because of #ghosts! False
Intel makes $15bn bet on driverless cars False
14 things we learned from Ewan McGregor's glorious Reddit AMA False
Iraqi helicopter fires at ISIS targets in besieged Mosul False
United Nations says 2016 was the harshest year of civil war yet for young children in Syria False
Americans are having less sex True
Duke a No. 1 seed? Will USC make the dance?

Our final predictions: True
Award-winning DJ Afrojack will be headlining the 2017 MashBash at #SXSW! 
RSVP here to party with us:   
#MashHouse False
Top #entertainment stories from today! True
HHS Secretary Tom Price says "nobody will be worse off financially" under Obamacare repeal False
The world's biggest industrial companies can't stop talking about 'going digital' True
Breakthrough offers hope for Tasmanian devil cancer cure False
Disgraced South Korean President finally leaves official residence after being ousted for corruption False
What has turned it into this colour? True
Federal Government pushing state/territory gov'ts to ban unvaccinated children from #childcare centres  #auspol False
Sixty swans rescued after dumped oil deluges three miles of town river False
LaMarcus Aldridge out indefinitely due to minor heart rhythm issues False
Brexit and Bochum haunt Vauxhall in the new battle for Ellesmere Port False
South Korea impeachment: Protesters take to the streets after ruling False
The Real Peril Of Crowdfunding Health Care True
Colombia's FARC rebels are putting down guns, picking up baby bottles False
Twin explosions kill at least 40 near religious sites in Syria's capital False
The 7 most expensive TV shows ever made False
Is President Trump eroding America's moral authority in the world? True
What animals do when they don't know we're watching True
This is the super-secret FBI division in charge of the Russia investigation True
19 things only people who love cooking but are fucking lazy will understand True
Pentagon pledges investigation into nude photo scandal False
Vodka and jello shots make your Purim snacks adult-only this year False
.@Peermusic turns 90 with songs on latest hit albums from Justin Bieber, Beyonce &amp; Drake False
The Mashable House at #SXSW is open! #MashHouse False
These Air Jordans for girls 🎀💖💅 False
Since accusing Obama of wiretapping, Trump has held closed events and not answered any questions about the charge False
Two days until Selection Sunday, the pressure is on for bubble teams False
What's up with that Porsche, B Marsh? Asking for a friend False
Patriots QB Jimmy Garoppolo has deleted an apparent "hoax" post on Instagram in which he said farewell to Boston: False
WATCH LIVE: House GOP leaders address health care plan False
Court unanimously ousts South Korea's leader for corruption: False
"IM HIS BONNIE HE MY CLYDE": Couple accused of gunning down Texas teen False
Pikachu-themed batteries are being recalled because they overheat False
FBI chief James Comey meets with top lawmakers on wiretapping, leaks, Russia. False
Free diver Kimi Werner on finding peace underwater  #freediving False
This Rolls Royce is painted with the dust of 1,000 real diamonds False
7 ways lack of sleep affects your brain True
18 tiny jokes so hidden in "Community" that you probably never noticed True
Weird names True
Houston is trading Osweiler &amp; a draft pick to Cleveland, which will take his guaranteed salary off Houston's books: False
Get your finances in shape with these strategies and tools: True
#OutFront: Advocate Amber Hikes hopes to bring change to Philly's "Gayborhood"  via @NBCOUT False
Jennifer Lopez &amp; Alex Rodriguez are reportedly dating False
This mom is so adorably extra she stages an incredibly stunning baby shoot each month False
The seven surprising things guests notice when they visit your house True
The first 'Game of Thrones' Season 7 poster is here and it's pretty badass False
Women of the world united True
Dionne Warwick shares HIV/AIDS public service announcement False
Kim Jong-Nam's 'son' reveals in YouTube video he has been plucked to safety False
DOJ says new executive order on travel allows room to grant exceptions False
Report: @Samsung Planning to Shift 500 Jobs From Mexico to U.S. False
A region in Italy wants to ban veiled women from getting treated at hospitals False
"We got a call last weekend telling us that they'd find us under whatever rock we were hiding" True
'Am I at risk of being hacked?' What you need to know about the 'Vault 7' documents True
Critics say Ben Carson's remarks on slavery and immigration similar to former Pres. Obama's. False
Alec Baldwin went on James Corden's chat show as himself and spoke about Donald Trump False
Dive instructor rescues shark with knife wedged in its head False
Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti claims victory in bid for second term. False
General Motors will make pension payments for years, just to get out of Europe False
Um, guys... True
"It has gone too far. We are hurting other Marines." True
Emma Watson was basically Hermione IRL on the "Harry Potter" set False
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day True
In Paris, Chanel lights the rocket under a new space race False
Moroccan town where THREE THOUSAND people earn money as sex scammers True
5 things for Tuesday:

- Health care
- Immigration
- North Korea
- Layoffs
- Monuments False
Stephen Hawking reminds us technology will kill us all and it's all our fault False
Donald Trump-inspired app counts how often men interrupt women False
Australia takes a chance on Isaiah Firebrace for #Eurovision2017 False
Sharp increases OLED-investment plan to $878 million False
#ICYMI: The owners of St Kilda's Gatwick Hotel say they have been pressured to close down False
Women tweet #WhatFeministsWear to show that can be literally anything they want False
Rory Feek posts new photos of late wife Joey Feek (via @GMA) False
Barbra Streisand says Trump's presidency is making her gain weight False
Yelp will allow users to filter results by availability of gender-neutral bathrooms False
Mark Levin has warned before of Obama’s "silent coup". Now he has a follower in the Oval Office. False
Five new power centers: A guide to the fractured Democrats False
Merkel’s chief of staff hits back at Erdogan False
Donald Trump to sign new travel ban expected to remove Iraq from list of barred countries False
Former attorney general says Trump was bugged because of suspicions he acted for 'foreign agent' False
Little boy cuts his hair so he can look exactly like his best friend False
.@JulieBishopMP plays down possibility of patrols with Indonesia in #SouthChinaSea False
Birth defect risk 20 times higher for pregnant women with Zika, says CDC False
A champion of 'unofficial countryside' True
About to get on a plane? @realDonaldTrump's revised travel ban could drop within 24 hours False
Muslim students tried to meet with a lawmaker. They were first asked: "Do you beat your wife?" False
There's no such thing as a Labour safe seat anymore, MP tipped to replace Jeremy Corbyn admits False
This is a terrifying attack on our First Amendment tbqh True
Seattle police hunt man who shot Sikh amid hate crime fears False
Clapper denies Trump wiretap as White House demands a probe False
Deutsche Bank plans $8.5 billion capital increase, a move intended to shore up the German lender's capital False
VP Mike Pence criticises AP for publishing wife's AOL email address False
Man charged with gunpoint carjackings after binmen apprehend suspect False
Not good. True
Hammond puts aside £500m to fill post-Brexit skills gap False
74% of Americans are highly anxious about their retirement outlook False
Matt Barnes' assault trial was delayed so he can possibly play in the NBA Finals. False
Travellers reveal Europe’s most overrated attractions False
Melo Trimble hits the game-winning three vs. Michigan State

🎥: False
This pair of 5-year-old boys hatched a brilliant plan to fool their teacher  via @TODAYshow True
Why disrupting health care can be tricky True
Jordan Peele on making a hit comedy-horror movie out of America’s racial tensions False
Bulls players partied with Chance the Rapper after Warriors win. False
Four men arrested in Dorset over escape of murderer Shaun Walmsley False
Finally, a book that handles mental illness with honesty and empathy False
How to live and learn from great loss False
J Balvin drops new track &amp; video "Si Tu Novio Te Deja Sola," feat. Bad Bunny False
City of soot False
All those signs just ready for pickup 🤔 False
California high school makes $24 million from Snap IPO False
The future of coal is in irreversible decline False
Does Lorde have the best #GreenLight? Vote for your favorite! False
Sub-freezing lows will put blossoms at risk this weekend. Here’s how to protect them. True
Getting #newborn #babies to #sleep involves cutting yourself some slack  #health False
Teen escapes father's killing rampage, calls police #FoxNewsUS False
Rams will not pursue Tony Romo, per @JasonLaCanfora False
Secret to ageing well down to lifestyle, not just genes False
Shocking new details emerge in Aaron Hernandez's double murder trial. True
How Snap's first day as a public company compares to other tech giants': False
William and Kate to visit Germany and extend 'hand of friendship' to Angela Merkel in Brexit boost False
US churches are defying Donald Trump by offering sanctuary to undocumented migrants False
Shane Watson: Introducing the Manis – that's Male And Narcissistic In Spades #Premium False
Marvel at delicious videos of people wrecking their smash cakes False
Democrats renew Jeff Sessions attack over Russia contacts False
Costco announces plans to increase its membership fee False
Entrepreneurship does not peak at 25. Why great entrepreneurs are older than you think: False
When it comes to style, these are the NBA teams holding the W:  powered by @Timberland False
Spain's search for a Sex Tsar, paid sex breaks in Sweden and is exercise sabotaging your sex drive? True
People are fighting over the gender of Garfield... A cartoon cat False
Ellen asks George W. Bush about his inauguration poncho: "Had you put one on?" False
The birth of the SUV sent minivans off the road.  Family sedans could be the next to go False
From Uniqlo to Dolce &amp; Gabbana, sales are growing for Islamic-friendly women's wear False
Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer asks that her 2017 bonus money be given to Yahoo employees: False
'Something special' is happening for Game of Thrones season 7 launch True
A raid in remote Yemen and a SEAL’s death still reverberate for Trump False
7 Baltimore police officers have been accused of abusing power and robbing citizens False
'Dangerous phenomenon': Israeli man charged with trying to join ISIS   #FOXNewsWorld False
Should we be preparing for a Trump-Oprah 2020 battle? False
Joey Badass: "I already know I'm a better rapper than 2Pac" False
Investor euphoria has stocks set to race past their fair value this year False
"Big Bang Theory" leads taking pay cuts so female co-stars can get raises False
The Vikings' sparkling stadium in Minnesota is killing birds at an alarming rate False
Facebook bans nude Women Lovers painting by acclaimed artist False
Toy company Lego to produce Women of Nasa set False
Islam will overcome Christianity to become the most popular religion in the world by 2070 False
Perspective: Hugh Jackman never turned his back on Wolverine False
Australia recalls more than 100 of its top diplomats to craft a new foreign policy agenda False
Lawmakers react to Pres. Trump's first joint address to Congress: False
Check Rick Ross' new remix of "Buy Back the Block" with E-40, Slim Thug, &amp; Nipsey Hussle. False
Russia, China block U.N. sanctions over Syria, chemical-weapons use False
Ain't it great we endorsed the Castro regime! True
The best movies and TV shows coming to Amazon, iTunes, Hulu, and more in March False
Theresa May pledges more support to freedom of religion around the world False
"Frat Lives Matter" spray-painted on UConn campus after frat members charged in connection with student's death False
Sen. Elizabeth Warren will bring an Iraqi refugee as her guest to Pres. Trump's address to joint session of Congress False
The secret to Kentucky guard De'Aaron Fox's success? Six hours of NBA2K per day. False
"Nobody knew that health care could be so complicated," President Trump said at a meeting with governors False
Why the #Moonlight Best Picture win is a really big deal  #Oscars False
Australian senator sorry for 'flea' comment in asylum debate False
.@SpaceX plans to launch two paying passengers on a #tourist trip around the #moon as early as next year False
Two tourists are paying SpaceX to fly them around the moon in 2018 False
At least 1 dead after small plane crashes into California homes. False
Jackie Evancho's transgender sister Juliet wins federal court ruling over school bathrooms False
This Australian artist is turning industrial silos into art  via @CNNStyle False
.@RMIT ABC Fact Check — Why is it needed and how will it work? @Skellor explains... False
The one way to stay wealthy True
We're doomed. True
Sources: Trump signed off on checking White House staffers' phones False
51% of Americans believe the media has been too critical of Trump False
Almost cogent. True
This map reveals the most popular sex toy in each state True
Giants reportedly place franchise tag on Jason Pierre-Paul False
Is global financial giant PwC - the company in charge of the balloting process - to blame for the #Oscars mix-up? True
"Hollywood's judgment would go a lot further if it directed some of that political energy back at itself" False
Justin Hurwitz wins best original score for "La La Land" #Oscars False
The Oscars red carpet was its own live action 'Beauty and the Beast' False
Trump's nominee to be Navy secretary withdraws name from consideration False
How to watch the 2017 #Oscars red carpet live stream False
This couple did a "La La Land" engagement shoot and it’s pretty cute True
Europeans showing declining interest in traveling to U.S. after Trump's travel ban False
ICYMI: "I want him to be a Laker, but I wasn't saying he's only going to play for the Lakers." –LaVar Ball False
How to achieve the 'Oscars look' True
How to tap into the best bargains in wine today True
Northwestern MutualVoice: How doctors and dentists need to save differently for retirement False
John Legend's Twitter hacked, series of bizarre anti-Trump tweets posted False
Attorneys say man accused of killing, cannibalizing girlfriend not competent for trial False
Celebrations kick off across Brazil but it's all too racy for Rio's new bishop mayor False
Europeans brought strains of bacteria to the Americas 500 years ago that are STILL making people ill False
'I prefer to orgasm and get paid': Brazilian lawyer dumped career at bar to become a PROSTITUTE True
Trump will be first POTUS not to attend White House Correspondents’ Dinner in 30 years False
CPAC activists make their pitch to young conservatives with "hip and cool" swag False
Barack Obama and Malia had a super awesome fun night out in New York and they look amazing and never leave us again False
The trade deadline has shifted the NBA landscape significantly. Where did your squad land? True
First look at how GOP plans to replace Obamacare  via @YahooNews False
The Saturday Essay: That’s the way the party crumbles False
Bruno Mars earns first No. 1 on Hot R&amp;B Songs chart with "That's What I Like" False
Why you need to binge-watch Carrie Fisher's final TV show immediately True
Merkel ally calls for Europe to retaliate if Trump imposes trade tariffs False
Malaysia Airports says travelers needn't worry, no risk from VX agent used in Kim Jong Nam killing False
She will give #birth to her daughter so other children in need of organs can survive True
23 things you’ll only get if you’re 50% hella organized 50% hot mess True
This pregnant mom took her love of Starbucks to the next level True
Yes we can... elect Obama president of France? A guerrilla campaign is giving it a try False
5 Trump myths about illegal immigration  via @YahooFinance True
Revealed: thousands of children at London schools breathe toxic air False
Caitlyn Jenner slams Donald Trump's ruling over transgender bathrooms False
Pope Francis says it is better to be an ATHEIST than a hypocritical Catholic False
Sony’s new toy teaches coding and robot construction to kids False
RBS reports £7bn annual loss, as bank stays in the red for a ninth consecutive year False
For a longer life, researchers say eat this many fruits and veggies per day: True
Some residents of Venice, Ca. aren't thrilled about their corporate neighbor Snap False
Latin Connection Podcast: @Maluma on U.S. tour, "Cuatro Babys" controversy &amp; more False
Poll: more Americans trust the media than Donald Trump False
.@reBELLYus &amp; @1future link up for trippy "Frozen Water" video  / via @billboardhiphop False
Sara Bareilles to perform during #Oscars "In Memoriam" tribute False
The 'Things I did on Ambien' subreddit is just as amazing as it sounds, and then some True
This ‘Walking Dead’ shirt was banned from stores for racism True
WATCH LIVE: Secretary of State Rex Tillerson gives joint statement with Mexican counterpart False
Woman wearing anti-Trump sign barred from Lincoln Center's David Geffen Hall False
Jameis Winston said that he was trying to motivate a particular student during the speech. False
Inauguration singer Jackie Evancho asks for meeting with Trump to discuss transgender rights False
"Greatest threat to democracy": Commander of bin Laden raid slams Trump’s anti-media sentiment False
CONSERVATIVES CONVERGE: GOP's top dogs gather at #CPAC2017 amid controversy, triumph False
La La Land’s inevitable Oscars win is a disaster for Hollywood – and for us False
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin says to expect a complete tax overhaul by August False
British startup bank turns to Ivanka Trump’s brother-in-law False
Analysis: "In killing the intentional walk, baseball loses a part of history and gains nothing," writes @DaveSheinin False
"... Since government norms mandate they retire when they turn 10, we have to let them go,” said a #CISF official False
Indian sailors now safe thanks to the coordinated efforts of @SushmaSwaraj, @manoharparrikar and the #IndianNavy False
Inside China's plan to restructure into a service-based economy: False
North Korea blames Malaysia for Kim Jong-nam murder  (Pic: AP) False
.@seanhannity at #CPAC2017: For Trump to Be Successful, He Needs Your Help False
The 2017 #Oscars by the numbers True
Voldemort is haunting Emma Watson in this "Beauty And The Beast" trailer mashup False
Why copper prices zigzagged wildly when almost no one was trading True
Philadelphia 76ers reportedly trade Ersan Ilyasova to the Atlanta Hawks False
Womp. Womp. True
U.S. tax audits of individuals declined for the fifth straight year in 2016 False
Foreclosure cases involving Tesla's SolarCity raise concerns about how it vets its customers False
Joe Scarborough tells Stephen Colbert that he was dismayed with how Trump has handled his first month in office False
This incredible device makes the veins underneath your skin glow True
WATCH LIVE: Press Secretary Sean Spicer holds the daily White House press briefing False
Top #entertainment news from the day True
Instagram now lets you make slideshows of up to 10 photos and videos False
Demi Moore lands hot role on hit TV show True
Life expectancy is expected to soar by 2030 -- except in the US False
Future was joined by DJ Esco for a performance of "Draco" on 'The Tonight Show.' False
ICYMI: The MLB has approved changing the intentional walk rule. False
Want a raise? These U.S. industries are driving a pick-up in wage growth False
Two-thirds of Americans aren’t putting money in their 401(k) False
Here's why we can say that #Yamuna is dead True
Ross Kemp: Libya’s Migrant Hell review – a deeply powerful plea False
After 15 years, #TheBachelor actually acknowledged racism False
Israeli PM visit: @netanyahu praises @TurnbullMalcolm for calling out UN False
Trump’s first month of travel expenses is on track to surpass Barack Obama’s average year: False
Extremely rare 'fire rainbow' spotted in Singapore False
Pacers are reportedly in trade talks to acquire Sixers C Jahlil Okafor False
'Rogue Legacy' dev reveals its next game: 'Full Metal Furies' False
Parent company of Burger King and Tim Hortons to buy Popeyes for $1.8 billion. False
Trump to visit African American History Museum: False
Aussies love their Easter Bilbies and shun pesky bunnies False
4 Russians were killed in Syria last week when their car was blown up by a remote-controlled bomb, Interfax reported False
Samsung's reputation crumbles in the U.S. after the Note 7 fiasco False
Ant Financial to invest $200 million in South Korea’s Kakao Pay False
India's financial hub Mumbai is going to the polls False
.@DavidWohl: L.A. mayor 'hiding the truth' about violence in his Sanctuary City False
Trump picks Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster as new national security adviser: False
Happy Presidents' Day! False
Cambodia MPs back law barring PM Hun Sen's long-time rival False
How children play, even in the harshest of environments True
Oil holds above $53 a barrel after fluctuating in the narrowest range since 2004 False
David Cassidy struggled at a swansong concert on the weekend False
This is what true #friendship is all about! True
Real talk. True
FDR issued an executive order sending Japanese Americans to internment camps — 75 years ago False
A teacher argues the profession deserves more pay: 'I love my job — but I'm broke' False
Asia's tough guys are actually pretty timid.  via @BV False
David Cassidy slurs words and falls off stage during performance False
SpaceX's Dragon capsule is headed for the Space Station after a successful launch False
The internet reacts predictably to Trump's mysterious Sweden incident True
Somalia Mogadishu car bomb: At least 16 people killed False
The people have spoken. Say goodbye to this classic Monopoly token False
13 arrested as scuffles break out after protest against police brutality in Paris False
Mental illness and heart disease are often found in the same patients False
#RanbirKapoor and #SaifAliKhan turn chefs! False
Earnhardt makes NASCAR return in Daytona 500 practice False
Watch these dads doing ballet with their daughters True
.@POTUS: "We don't want people with bad, bad ideas." True
Columbia University accidentally sent acceptance letters to 277 applicants False
Florida sex worker arrested for offering police officer oral sex in exchange for Taco Bell. False
The blind sheik behind terror plots in the U.S. in the 1990s has died in an American prison at age 78. False
16th century #Mexican church appears because of drought False
Ross Kemp: ‘People still think I’m Grant Mitchell’ False
PewDiePie taught YouTube a valuable lesson True
Terrifying fight between three LIONS in South African national park is caught on camera False
Cars fall into Los Angeles sinkhole True
Kraft Heinz needs a deal, but can it really afford Unilever? False
.@imVkohli is just behind @iamsrk in terms of brand value False
Just 27 awesome date ideas for the next time you’re stuck in a rut True
Love thy neighbour? #Sasikala probably thinks - Be scared of thy neighbour True
Young penguin is stolen from a German zoo and DECAPITATED by thugs who leave his body on park railings False
A political action group making anti-Trump robocalls is closely tied to a pro-Trump PAC False
Mariah Carey confirms relationship with backup dancer Bryan Tanaka False
Darrelle Revis reportedly turns himself in to police after altercation in Pittsburgh False
Do you want the good #news or the bad news? 😃 😥 
... What's in store for #2017? True
Kremlin tells Russian media 'no more Trump' after US-Russia ties begin to fray False
Chris Christie on eating meatloaf: Trump made me do it False
One, two or three? True
#Bengaluru #police is being #accused of refusing to record a #statement of the five-year-old girl False
GM, Peugeot value Opel at $2 billion as deal talks advance False
These are the most attractive Asian markets right now, according to money managers True
Here's the story of how @isro was born False
The 16 best movies &amp; tv shows about high school football True
.@_B1A4OFFICIAL get intimate with fans &amp; spotlight musicality at their New York concert return False
Why confusing food labels could soon be a thing of the past True
Russian spy ship, no longer 'loitering' off Connecticut coast, heads south. False
.@TheShilpaShetty also spoke about how an actress is under a constant radar for those extra calories, post-pregnancy True
.@LinkinPark's Mike Shinoda talks "Heavy" new single &amp; hooking up with Kiiara False
Why Betterment added a human touch to its Roboadvisor tool: True
Katy Perry, Nick Jonas, and other stars you can buy shoes from False
Woman charged with murder of missing Mornington Peninsula mother Joanne Martell False
Only the elites can decide what is important for your life! True
Harrison Ford back in the pilot’s seat after close call with plane False
Teen gives chocolates to school's 537 girls on Valentine's Day False
The reigning NL MVP thought he was filming a workout video.

The production crew had different plans for him. True
MATTIS: Moscow needs to 'prove itself' before US and Russian militaries can work together False
FBI interviews top U.S. Olympic gymnasts in an intensifying investigation into possible sex abuse by team doctor True
Brexit's sterling slump forces eight million Britons into a staycation False
House Republicans seek investigation into potentially illegal Justice Department leaks. False
Can cricket be saved from itself? How the ICC is flirting with essential reform | Tim Wigmore  via @guardian_sport False
Teen nearly blinded by hair dye  via @YahooBeauty True
Trump administration announces proposals to boost healthcare exchanges False
Five police officers are caught on camera 'gang-raping their female colleague' in Mexico False
Myanmar military crackdown against Rohingyas 'has ceased' False
The downfall of Michael Flynn: a timeline – video False
Why do people turn to crossword puzzles? Escape from life’s worries and connection to family, experts say. False
You're going to make these meatballs a lot True
Everyone’s favorite murder podcast is changing the way women talk about trauma False
Trump says Russia talk is a "cover up" for the Clinton campaign False
Trump to host Netanyahu in meeting focused on Iran, Middle East talks. False
Bat hibernation: Scottish quest to solve puzzle – in pictures False
Drug-addicted mom of 4 to not get pregnant by NY judge False
The White House had been preparing to replace Michael Flynn for some time, source says False
Venezuela deputy president defies US over drug sanction False
Footage shows illuminated UFO hovering over French town True
This bar posted an anti-consent sign saying "No Means Yes” False
JUST IN: Cigna terminates merger agreement with Anthem False
#Refugee camp teachers struggle to teach displaced #Syrian children #education #Syria False
.@1Future will release a new album this week, announces #NobodySafe tour False
Is this the biggest tech comeback of all time? Nokia to bring back historic 3310 #Nokia3310 False
Ed Sheeran's "Shape of You" scores a third week at No. 1 on the #Hot100 False
Charles Oakley’s indefinite ban from Madison Square Garden has reportedly been lifted False
Amazon just created its own version of Skype — here's how it works True
Tom Brady on his teammates skipping the White House visit: "Everybody has their own choice" False
Here’s Kellyanne Conway trying really hard not to talk about Mike Flynn’s resignation False
Chris Childs remembers his epic fight with Kobe Bryant: 'I didn't want to knock him out.' False
Multivitamins a waste of money and just create 'very expensive urine' False
Republicans tweeted a fake Abraham Lincoln quote. Then President Trump put the quote on his Instagram. False
Mexican official: Cartels send $64B in drugs into US annually False
Venezuela president to CNN: 'Do not put your nose in Venezuela' — via @dcexaminer False
Bandit, raccoon or loon? Air Canada's new makeover color scheme has proven to be polarizing False
JUST IN: David Shulkin confirmed as next veterans affairs secretary False
Kanye West reportedly suffering from memory loss after 2016 hospitalization: False
Thousands of protesters gathered on a beach to send a message to Pres. Trump: "RESIST!!" False
.@POTUS: "We have some wonderful ideas on immigration." False
This photo of Trump striking a pose amid chaos is now a kind of depressing meme False
This week in Billboard chart history: In 1987, @BonJovi winged to No. 1 with a "Prayer" False
These are the awards that should've been given out at the #Grammys 😂 False
Tony Romo to the Texans?

@Brad_Gagnon prepares you for the madness of the QB carousel False
Why Google's cute Valentine's Day game is a lot darker than you think True
Canadian PM Justin Trudeau's big meeting with Trump is about 'the policy of laying low' False
This happens only in #Pakistan! True
Twenty One Pilots accepted their Grammy in their underwear False
£100,000 public money given to suspected illegal faith schools True
7 times Jennifer Aniston stood up for all women True
The decisions that left the dollar wide open for a rebound True
Setting the record straight about IRAs: True
#Grammys deliver on promise of a politically charged show False
Adele wins raves for starting George Michael tribute over again at #GRAMMYs False
19 things people looked like at the Grammys True
Faith Hill and Carrie Underwood are totally twinning in red at 2017 #GRAMMYs: False
Joy Villa’s gown at the #GRAMMYs awards made a major political statement: False
Lady Gaga has an incredible new Metallica 'tattoo' True
Grammy awards 2017 – full list of winners False
Tesla's name change has bigger implications: True
Where you can watch the 2017 Grammy Awards  #grammys False
Under fire at home and abroad, Angela Merkel faces 'toughest battle of her career' #premium False
'Firebomb' attack on Honk Kong metro leaves 19 injured False
#MinistryOfHomeAffairs site has become the latest victim of #cyber crime. False
North Korea fires 'unidentified projectile' into the sea False
The gig economy will finally have to give workers the rights they deserve True
Water flowing over emergency spillway at tallest US dam False
Crowdfunding is now outperforming private equity in the U.K. False
#ISRO will launch 104 satellites into orbit on its PSLV-C37 rocket on February 15.

Proud of @isro! False
Greece tops euro-area underemployment, where people work less than full time or not at all False
Another co-opted Obama argument 😂 True
17 times Americans went too hard on Valentine’s Day True
From cupcakes to snakes, Thunder fans got creative for KD's return False
John Wick Is An Action Hero As Unhappy Workaholic False
A registered Republican in Texas was sentenced to eight years in prison for illegal voting: True
The Trump team is getting leery of having too many ‘Goldman guys’ in top posts False
Jeremy Corbyn kept away from voters ahead of crucial Stoke by-election amid claims he's 'not a plus on the doorstep' False
Immigrant communities have been on high alert and are bracing for increased enforcement that Trump has called for False
Greatest comeback of all time?

This church must be filled with Patriots fans 👀 True
The best dry shampoo for every hair type True
Kevin Durant reportedly hired extra security for his return to Oklahoma City False
A "Firefly" reboot could happen if one person is on board True
Laila @SunnyLeone was in awe of @iamsrk True
Malaysia's ringgit crackdown is spooking foreign investors False
Philippines earthquake kills four on Mindanao False
Democrats and advocates question ICE enforcement raids after hundreds of arrests False
A high school in rural Minnesota is pushing the concept of efficient basketball to the extreme False
Have you stopped wearing razor back and off shoulder tops because of your #sagging arms? This one's for you True
#ICYMI: Research shows an increasing number of Australians are living with immense money worries  #finance False
The ship was to offload 500 tonnes of #food and #emergency supplies
#Rohingyas False
Officer and pup partner enforce the law and look good doing it False
"The Rock" joins other stars in criticism of Under Armour's Trump praise False
The life of Warren Buffett, the billionaire every investor looks to for inspiration False
Leonard Fournette the next Zeke?

A pair of Hall of Fame running backs see the similarity False
The questions we have now that "The Walking Dead" is back False
These vertical forests could transform Brussels' abandoned wasteland into luxury apartments True
Cookin' with gas. False
Iran will stand up to "bullying," Rouhani says amid a souring of ties with the U.S. False
Tom Price Is Confirmed as Health Secretary False
Post the controversy #Bihar CM #NitishKumar announced #cancellation of the exam for #recruitment to 9,600 govt jobs False
RBA says it's highly unlikely Australia's economy entered a recession over the second half of last year  #ausbiz False
Flying foxes dropping dead in South Australia's #heatwave False
Brussels is plunged into darkness as EU capital is hit by massive power cut False
Senior @realDonaldTrump adviser Kellyanne Conway draws ethics complaints for pushing Ivanka products in TV interview False
#GRAMMYs to return to Los Angeles' Staples Center after 2018 New York show (exclusive) False
Trump may have to wait for a second term to see the fruits of his trade deals False
Here come initial jobless claims... True
Workers were injured after an explosion occurred at #French utility EDF's #Flamanville #nuclearplant few hours ago False
.@realmadrid star, @Cristiano Ronaldo stepped forward to help a #Portuguese kennel stop from closing 🙌 False
21 cozy and useful products that will help you survive winter False
Michigan woman says she was forced to give birth on jail floor: False
Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch told a senator that he objected to Trump’s harsh criticism of the courts False
Telltale heart: Pacemaker data leads to arson, fraud charges False
A full moon, lunar eclipse and comet all in one night? Here’s how to watch it Friday. False
Two months later, Trump's labor nominee still isn't ready for his hearing False
Circus tightrope reportedly collapses in Florida; 5 rushed to hospitals False
Pope Francis: "A Christian can never say 'I'll make you pay for that.' Never!" False
Sen. Elizabeth Warren: “Yes,” Jeff Sessions would discriminate as Trump's attorney general False
Analysis: From Tony Romo to Colin Kaepernick to marijuana, a primer on the NFL’s offseason False
Rexnord plows ahead with plans to move jobs to Mexico despite Trump’s pressure False
Lady Gaga had the classiest response after she was body-shamed at the Super Bowl False
Lady Gaga shuts down body shamers after #SuperBowl criticism False
Can police search smart TVs during investigations? False
Ukraine conflict: Rebel leader Givi dies in bomb attack False
George Lopez threw a fan out of a show for daring to object to a racist joke. False
LaMelo Ball, Lonzo's brother, scored 92 points in a high school game.

Ninety. Two. False
Twitter's latest round of anti-abuse measures includes filtering search results False
Katy Perry shares reggae-tinged tease of new song "Chained to the Rhythm" False
Trade, not poverty, could become focus of £1.3bn UK aid pot, watchdog warns False
NBC reportedly in talks to air "Weekend Update" spinoff series False
DeVos' confirmation is historic – but it’s also a sign of how far the Capitol's warfare has sunk False
This is why your team won't win the Super Bowl next year. Yes, YOUR team. Talking to YOU! True
We made @NickSwagyPYoung choose who he thought was the G.O.A.T in sports #LifeAtComplex False
Today in 2009, @Kelly_Clarkson made a record leap to No. 1 on the #Hot100 chart False
A giant, NSFW surprise looms in the background of this girl's senior photo True
Mutant cat with two heads and three eyes is born in China False
ICYMI these dudes lied to create fake news to shape policy. True
New year, same weird stuff in Parliament House #auspol True
The accused, #SamshulHoda along with 3 others was arrested in #Kathmandu by #Nepalpolice False
Israel passes law legalizing thousands of West Bank settlement homes False
In the middle of the Indian Ocean, scientists found pieces of an ancient continent that shouldn't be there False
How Well Do You Remember Chapter One Of "Stranger Things"? True
25 of the most epic celebrity glo ups True
Retirement savers -- Your broker's approach to the fiduciary rule: True
US shares limp to modest fall False
This guy had a Bob Ross birthday party and people are inspired True
"Any negative polls are fake news": President Trump encourages his 24M Twitter followers to ignore accurate polls False
Next time you take a #selfie with an accident victim, you should be punished! True
Secretary General António Guterres urged the U.S. not to scale back its support for the United Nations False
Wiz Khalifa surprises at Juicy J &amp; Belly concert in L.A. False
Kristen Stewart said she was "so gay" on "SNL" and the internet rejoiced False
Dozens of people die in Afghanistan and Pakistan as avalanches and heavy snow bury villages False
Democrats spar over party leadership, anti-Trump tactics False
Taylor Swift's pre-Super Bowl show might be her only in 2017 False
Kidnapped Honduras teens' bodies found False
Literally just 18 really cute and wholesome Tumblr posts True
22 gifts your dude will actually want for valentine’s day True
The promising new Vanessa Hudgens show ‘Powerless’ is missing this one key ingredient False
BREAKING: Justice Department challenges judge's halt of travel ban False
The Justice Department filed an appeal challenging a judge's block of Trump's travel ban False
#RiseUp 💸

An anonymous bettor placed a million dollar wager on the underdog Falcons False
Who is the judge who blocked Trump's travel ban? 🤔 #trump #travelban False
Young Thug and Lil Durk target cyber trolls on "Internet." False
Under Armour admits it's still not cool enough, despite Steph Curry's best efforts False
Santa Clara, CA is the happiest city to work in America. See the full list: False
WATCH LIVE: Vice President Pence addresses Federalist Society in Philadelphia False
Administration official says President Trump’s nominee for Army secretary has withdrawn his name from consideration. False
Saudi diplomat to be caned after molesting intern False
Americans officially think Trump is doing a good job False
Just some guys in England driving a tank to the gas station True
Iranian baby will be allowed into US for life-saving surgery False
Justin Bieber teams up with Rob Gronkowski for Super Bowl ad: False
'Africa's youngest billionaire', 35, could be forced to sell his ticket to space to pay wife in divorce battle False
Why Beyoncé's pregnancy announcement is just what the world needed True
I had a 'screw it moment', says MEP who held sign up behind Nigel Farage False
Do You Actually Know The Difference Between Mary-Kate And Ashley? True
32 pictures that will take you back to when life was so damn simple True
Video obtained during the deadly U.S. raid in Yemen last week, is actually 10 years old: False
America's hottest investment product is about to go global True
U.S. hits Iran with new sanctions after Iran conducted a missile test earlier this week False
First jobs report of the new administration. True
A US federal judge just blocked Donald Trump's 'Muslim ban' False
Donald Trump told Iran it is 'on notice'. Now he may be acting on those words False
YG and Mariah go back like babies and pacifiers. True
Japan is caught in the crossfire of Trump's assault on Mexico False
Nancy Pelosi calls Steve Bannon a ‘white supremacist’  via @YahooNews False
The 5 biggest mistakes millennials are making with their money: True
11 revealing answers DeVos gave to Democratic senators’ questions about vouchers, Common Core and more False
President Trump is taking a prostate drug often prescribed for hair loss, his physician says False
Why GoPro ran into so many issues with the much-hyped Karma drone: False
President Trump: I'd like to speed up NAFTA talks False
Pregnant buffalo brought down by lions then eaten along with her unborn calf in Zimbabwe False
World Hijab Day took on renewed significance in the age of Trump False
The Dakota Access pipeline may not proceed imminently, despite presidential memo. False
India stunned after footage shows victim of hit-and-run bleeding to death as bystanders film False
Now that’s how you finish a lob!

UCLA’s T.J. Leaf throws down the oop from Lonzo Ball

🎥: False
Beyoncé's Instagram post dethroned Selena Gomez on Instagram False
A barber in Gaza uses fire to straighten hair and more photos of the day False
Beyonce's pregnancy photo breaks Selena Gomez's record for most-liked Instagram photo ever -- in less than 8 hours False
Squalid Nigerian brothels where HIV-positive prostitutes are fuelling an AIDS epidemic False
Watch NFL star @TonyGonzalez88 groove to the "Humpty Dance" on #LipSyncBattle False
Saudi Arabia is about to start taxing its citizens for the first time this century False
Federal Reserve left rates unchanged but cited continuing economic gains, keeping it on course for future increases False
They resisted so hard and got so far, but in the end True
The "Serial" team is releasing a new true-crime show you'll inevitably binge True
Reassuring to know that these folks are so well read on this one justice's history of opinions! True
Two men stage a Harry Potter-style duel using fireworks as wands and firing at each other False
Mnuchin, Price nominations advance through Senate Committee with no Democrats present False
This country just flew in dozens of Syrian refugees True
January transfer window: Premier League ins and outs – how did your club do?  via @guardian_sport False
Lady Gaga talks #SuperBowl, says her sister lobbied to "suspend" her in the air False
Neil Gorsuch, Trump's Supreme Court pick, also has deep roots in the city and establishment Trump often criticized False
A letter to Trump with millions of signatures is updating live False
People are hysterical because cats are now allowed in the Westminster Dog Show False
This prince bought plane tickets for his 80 falcons. Casual True
'I still have your money': @jk_rowling replies to @realDonaldTrump supporter with pithy take down False
Is skipping breakfast bad for you? A new study has found links with heart disease and obesity True
The time Gov. Pence tried to block Syrian refugees — and miserably failed False
Rohingya refugees will be moved to a remote island that is underwater for most of the year in Bangladesh False
This is the first press statement issued by the office of @BarackObama after he left the office 10 days ago False
Who is new acting attorney general Dana Boente? False
Analysis: After Trump sows chaos, Canada picks up the pieces False
Malorie Blackman leads books world's protests against US travel ban False
Futures fall after Trump fires acting attorney general, and Deutsche Bank is fined again False
Police use pepper spray on anti-Trump protesters in Ohio: False
Diplomats say Trump's immigration order will not make America more safe False
Trump's 'Muslim ban' could be just the beginning, warns Amnesty False
What you need to know about tax form due dates—and what to do if yours is late: True
Netanyahu: Iran missile test must not go unanswered False
Universities speak out against Trump travel ban  via @YahooNews False
Pentagon to develop list of Iraqis who have helped the U.S. False
As coming out becomes more common, is hip-hop less homophobic? False
'Trainspotting' cast recreate legendary film poster, 20 years on False
Only one of two men detained after a shooting at a Canadian mosque is considered a suspect False
Trump takes aim at Sen. Schumer’s ‘tears’ in new defense of immigration restrictions False
The best moments from Sunday night's SAG Awards True
Scott Morrison says Trump travel ban shows 'world is catching up' to Australia False
Koch network condemns Trump immigration ban, calls it 'wrong approach' False
Contractor says Trump refusing to pay for work at DC hotel False
49ers to hire John Lynch as their new GM False
Passenger and horrified onlookers film tourist helicopter plunging into a river False
.@realDonaldTrump defends immigration ban executive order #TrumpBan False
Merkel 'explained' convention to Trump in phone call False
Civil rights groups fight Trump's immigration ban as uncertainty continues False
DHS will continue to enforce Trump's travel ban False
Google, Apple, Netflix &amp; more tech companies protest Trump's immigration order False
A list of everything Taylor Swift has destroyed in music videos True
Photographing the abandoned: Roman Robroek, Urban Explorer False
.@greggutfeld: @POTUS Treating the Presidency Like an Actual Job, @GregGutfeldShow False
NEW: Jordan King to visit US on Monday, 3 days after Trump's refugee ban False
Wisconsin family mistakenly targeted over Nazi flag outside apartment False
U.S. economic growth weakest in 5 years False
"This could be the match people use to decide who really is the greatest of all time."

Fed-Nadal in one hour: True
Poll: Thanks to Trump, 1 in 3 Californians support withdrawal from U.S. #Calexit False
IRS warns of a payroll scam as we head into tax season: False
The week in #finance from @Stephen_Letts: Miners to deliver record trade surplus, central banks on hold  #ausbiz False
Vladimir Putin joins in sing-a-long with students at Moscow State University False
BBC Question Time audience member steals the limelight while woman in front of him asks question False
Christian persecution: True
Custom officials enforcing Trump immigration ban at US airports False
The might tree in #California falls! True
The UK has chosen its next Eurovision Song Contest entry False
FDA urges parents to throw out homeopathic teething products containing belladonna False
Ferguson Officials missed deadlines in deal with Justice Department False
The Cavaliers lost a $40 million last season after spending the 2nd most in NBA history False
27 times Tumblr was wholesome and pure True
Dad of the year turns sons' drawings into professional pieces of art True
Postmodern Jukebox is at is again with a big band style Lady Gaga cover False
With Bruce Arena's return, the dark days of the USMNT are behind us False
CCTV appeal after car with baby strapped into seat stolen as mother visits store False
Miss Universe contestants strut their stuff in very bizarre 'national costumes' False
Zeke is just an Average Joe

Ezekiel Elliott clinches NFC dodgeball win and goes crazy

🎥: False
Everything you need to know about the executive order on sanctuary cities: True
Muhammad Ali’s grandson, Cal running back commit, channeling "The Greatest” with football False
Whoa, if true. True
Yes, really: '1984' is now sold out on Amazon True
A 100-mile rail trip through the Himalayas – for just 42p False
Why Donald Trump needs Theresa May as much as she needs him #premium True
Lawmaker quits after Women’s March tweet False
Shia LaBeouf was arrested at his anti-Trump protest False
He accidentally broke 6-yr-old Jim Harbaugh's leg with a mail truck.

Nearly 50 years later, they're toasting milk. True
Trevor Noah: Donald Trump's executive orders prove he should've seen "Hamilton" False
British postage service honors David Bowie with 10 commemorative stamps False
Some of Trump's advisers talk about taking away his phone or canceling his Twitter account, @peterbakernyt writes False
Dick Van Dyke on Mary Tyler Moore: "There are no words. She was THE BEST!" False
Future vision False
Alibaba affiliate Ant Financial nears deal to buy MoneyGram International False
Dow Jones hits record high – is Trump good for stock markets? False
Chile forest fires: Death toll now rises to six False
Trump’s voter fraud fixation offers window into governing via Twitter ➡️ @svdate False
Stop everything: the nation's zoos are in a vicious, wonderful #CuteAnimalTweetOff False
Buckle up: Lyft is launching in 40 new cities False
Best year ever. True
Feds sue NYPD over man's HIV discrimination claim False
Parents desperate after 28-year-old daughter goes missing in Hollywood Hills  via @NBCLA False
Mirjana Lucic-Baroni Beats Karolina Pliskova to Reach Australian Open Semifinals False
Sounds like a winning argument to me! True
Keep track of President Trump's first 100 days   via @foxnewspolitics False
ISIS tank bomb is stopped in its tracks when elite Iraqi forces kill the driver in Mosul False
A border adjustment tax would be disruptive for U.S. and its neighbors: False
And just like that, Dion Waiters erased the Dubs' 7-game win streak. False
Nearly 60% of the #vehicles plying on #Indian roads are #uninsured, most of them #motorcycles and #scooters False
Dutch trains are now running on energy harvested by wind False
President Trump declared his inauguration a "National Day of Patriotic Devotion" False
DfE says £3bn savings for schools 'doable' without larger class sizes False
This app will tell you when a pregnant woman needs a subway seat False
A guy from #Chennai #designed a fan for his hardworking #grandfather that works without #power False
Watch the terrifying moment a firefighter squeezes through a gap in search of Italian avalanche survivors False
It does not matter. True
British tanks roll on Channel Tunnel test run amid Russia fears False
Irate #villagers stripped the daughter and #molested her before #looting their #cash and valuables False
One of the first things Trump has done as President is make it harder for poor families to buy a home False
#Railway employees #unions are all set to raise the issue with #NationalWomensCommission False
Australian Open 2017 day eight: Dimitrov, Raonic, Nadal and more – live!  via @guardian_sport False
Canada considers possible U.S. trade deal that excludes Mexico False
Donald Trump’s vow to repeal the Affordable Care Act revives talk of high-risk pools that had left many uncovered False
The top beaches in the world, according to National Geographic True
Rocking the warehouse False
Guinea Pig Club veteran takes to the skies for 'final flight' after being diagnosed with terminal cancer False
British cops used a Taser on a black man they thought was a robber. He was their race-relations adviser False
Benoît Hamon, Manuel Valls advance in France’s Socialist primary False
That didn't take long: Trump's press secretary is already a meme False
People are going in on Taylor Swift's #WomensMarch tweet False
Yordano Ventura of the Kansas City Royals and Andy Marte, a former MLB player, were killed in car crashes False
Watch this time-lapse of two people eating IHOP’s 'All You Can Eat Pancakes' for 5 hours False
Check out this intriguing new exhibit for SyFy's 'The Magicians' True
.@RanveerOfficial has a lookalike in #Pakistan. Here's proof False
Analysis: What Trump’s whiter, less academic Cabinet says about race and class in America True
Obama leaves behind a red America and a blue America. They couldn't be more different. False
How to know which tax bracket you're in: True
Awww. True
Former NFL RB Ricky Williams questioned, frisked by police in video for alleged trespassing False
Trump’s people told a bakery to completely recreate Obama’s inauguration cake False
Democrats meet to plot party’s new course False
Boosted by Trump, Europe’s antiestablishment unites False
7 hidden iPhone tricks that only power users know about True
Why do we talk about antidepressants in the same way we do cocaine and heroin? asks @bryony_gordon #Premium False
Donald Trump supporters react to inauguration speech False
'El Chapo' Guzman faces life in prison; not-guilty plea entered False
WA sustainable egg farmer fighting blanket environmental policy False
How do American college students feel about a Trump presidency? False
Lawmakers react to Donald Trump's inauguration with both criticism and optimism: False
Actress Jane Fonda is selling her Beverly Hills mansion for $13 million False
How do American college students feel about a Trump presidency? False
After 1,000 days, Flint is still without clean drinking water  via @YahooNews False
Malia Obama is going to intern with hotshot Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein False
First lady's Jackie-esque style works hard to set gracious tone for Trump False
"Occupy organizer and troublemaker Lisa Fithian was revealed in the audio as a trainer" False
Can Aaron Rodgers continue this improbable run with his group of virtual unknowns? False
Fun facts about presidential inaugurations  via @YahooNews True
Deconstructed Nutella: nuts, cocoa – and 58% sugar False
"He makes people cringe, but I don't mind that. We need a tough guy up there," one Trump supporter said False
HSBC is cutting around 100 senior bankers around the world False
Survivors pulled from avalanche hotel after two days True
5 common things people do on airplanes that annoy flight attendants True
"I have been fundamentally condemned to die in prison," a drug dealer wrote. Obama listened. True
Cobbler #Rohidas was inspired by this dialogue in @iamsrk-starrer #Raees &amp; put up a banner outside his roadside shop False
#ICYMI: A genuinely believable CGI actor? It won't be long. False
Here's Obama's last schedule as president False
One person is dead and several injured after a car hit pedestrians in #Melbourne CBD. Follow for #live updates: False
Organization urges teachers, students to skip school and protest @realDonaldTrump. #First100 #Trump45 False
Watch Sam Moore sing "America the Beautiful" at Trump's #inauguration concert False
Left-wing hate comes at you fast. True
#Chartbreaker: @judahandthelion on their surprise chart hit &amp; opening for Twenty One Pilots False
"Will &amp; Grace" is returning to NBC with 10 new episodes  via @TODAYshow False
Quiz: Can you spot the 'fake news' headlines about Donald Trump? True
Here comes Philly Fed... False
Surrey council to hold referendum on 15% tax hike False
The Obamas' best pop culture moments: True
Images emerge of the Italy hotel buried by an avalanche as rescuers arrive on the scene False
Michael Buble is reportedly out of the Brit Awards...but Robbie Williams is in! False
"Learning curve" as Rick Perry pursues a job he initially misunderstood True
10 times Donald Trump spread fake news True
Are we getting an "iPhone X" this year? True
Orlando shooter's wife, Noor Salman, pleads not guilty to aiding husband: False
Nigeria’s botched airstrike, which mistakenly killed dozens, shows Boko Haram isn’t defeated False
5 things you’re doing wrong the moment you wake up True
Bet you didn’t know Mads Mikkelsen is fucking amazing at dancing True
'Message in a bottle' found 9,000 miles away with a tech twist True
Mexico violence: Four killed in Cancun gunfight False
18 million people would lose insurance in 2018 if Obamacare is partially repealed, a congressional study says False
Emma Watson nearly played an entirely different Disney Princess False
Obama gives $500 million to climate fund over GOP objections False
Asthma diagnosis later reversed in about 1 in 3 adults, study finds. False
Act of love. True
A top NATO general echoes Trump, calling aspects of alliance "obsolete" True
In effort to reduce injuries, the NCAA is recommending that college-football teams scale back practice False
Republicans say they assume Trump didn’t mean to promise health insurance for all False
Zadie Smith and Michael Chabon nominated for book critics award False
Wife of Pulse nightclub gunman Omar Mateen knew he would attack, US attorney says False
#Brexit: What will be the short-term damage when the #UK leaves the #EU single market? False
Betty White requests "Golden Girls" reboot for her 95th birthday False
Katy Perry debuts new blonde hair at Trump portrait unveiling False
How presidents use their portraits to shape their legacy  via @PostEverything True
25 best jobs that pay more than $100K True
President-elect Trump tries to calm dispute with John Lewis False
These are the world's most innovative economies False
Glad we've freed ourselves from the oppressors' old system of Reading, Writing, and 'Rithmetic False
. @GreenDay rips @realDonaldTrump in new "Troubled Times" video ➡️ by @lee_moran False
A drug-resistant superbug called CRE may be more widespread than previously known False
Facebook will open a "startup garage" in Paris, offering workshops to entrepreneurs False
Wiley – five landmarks in the godfather of grime's career True
Why Trump's war of words with John Lewis came at a particularly bad time False
On Washington: ‘Repeal and Replace’: Words Still Hanging Over G.O.P.’s Health Care Strategy False
Most Americans lack savings to cover emergencies False
The 10 least stressful jobs in America True
Hockey, weed and taxes? 11 Canadian stereotypes debunked True
Tell us how you really feel. True
#ICYMI: Australians sending 'unhelpful' #donations like high heels, handbags, chainsaws to disaster zones False
2016 TS Eliot prize won by Jacob Polley's 'firecracker of a book' False
A dude tried to troll this supermarket’s Twitter account and things got weird fast False
President Obama talks "unusual" transition process in his final TV interview on #60Minutes. False
Clinton Global Initiative to close amid drop in foreign donations  @edhenry False
The movie musical looked to be dead and buried only a year ago. Then came "La La Land" False
Why 2017 could be the most profitable year in Wall Street history: False
Martin Luther King Jr. impersonator discovers life's calling through famous speeches: False
High school runner shovels entire track lane after snowstorm just to avoid the treadmill False
The #TPP is "dead in the water" and pursuing it is a "waste of time", says @billshortenmp  #auspol #ausbiz False
MORE: Packers upset top-seeded Cowboys in NFL playoff thriller False
👏👏 That's what it's all about 🎵 True
Texas and Southern Plains locked in ice — but rapid warming is on the way False
BBC is investigating whether the #Sherlock series finale was leaked from the offices of a Russian state broadcaster False
For more than a year, this woman lived in a $1.2 million home with her sister's corpse True
UPDATE: 'Pharma bro' Martin Shkreli says he wasn't hit in the face by dog poop False
The New York City venue where a young Bob Dylan played reopens False
President Obama's end-of-term push is an added aggravation to Donald Trump and members of his transition team False
Saudi Arabia religious chief says legalising cinemas risks 'rotten' influence False
Employees of @WeChatApp parent company played this disgusting game! True
Founders, beware: strategic investment isn't always the best strategy True
Try to make it through this video of one snake eating another True
After tri-colour on doormats, Mahatma Gandhi on flip-flops on @amazon store. @SushmaSwaraj False
Watching Alex Trebek say 'yas queen' on 'Jeopardy' will make your day. False
Johnny Depp sues ex-managers alleging millions in losses False
10 ways nights out in your mid-20s are completely different to your teenage ones True
"We just kept praying, hoping &amp; believing", Velma on her granddaughter's return, 18 years after she was stolen False
Obama: "Any talk of it being a post-racial America after my election was never realistic" False
Swansea v Arsenal: Premier League – live!  via @guardian_sport False
Why fake news is an antitrust problem: False
#LaLaLand: 5 echoes of classic Hollywood musicals  via @YahooMovies False
‘Do Your Jobs!': @michellemalkin goes off on the mainstream media False
Guccifer 2.0 &amp; me True
Herd of sheep trample a shepherd before one returns to ram her False
These cities are the most popular among educated millennials: True
#UN alarmed at asylum seekers dying of cold, 'dire' situation in Greece (Pic: AP) False
Paul Ryan dabbed and now everyone’s dragging him for it False
Three Takata executives indicted as airbag supplier faces $1 billion penalty for 11 deaths False
President Obama’s high school basketball team remembers "Barry" False
Here's what NASA saw when it landed on Saturn's largest moon False
This Pattern Test Can Figure Out Your Relationship Status True
Forget the gym: The calories you can burn exploring the world's top tourist attractions False
#ICYMI: #Europe #migrant crisis: #Rescue ships save 800 asylum seekers during break in winter weather False
James Mattis, Trump’s pick for defense secretary, said Iran is the “biggest destabilizing force in the Middle East” False
Dave Chappelle, Jerry Seinfeld, and Jimmy Fallon bid farewell to @FLOTUS on #TheTonightShow. False
US troops cleared over 33 civilian deaths in Afghan raid  (Pic: Reuters) False
According to reports, the #CISF Jawan had minor argument with his fellow Jawans and  he opened fire at them False
Why this is not the best time to buy a new laptop True
“What do you call someone riding without a helmet?” An organ donor.
#MumbaiPolice's powerful message! False
Russian embassy tweets out 'white supremacist' meme False
Blake Shelton will perform at the 2017 People's Choice Awards False
Stampeding buffalo leaves man unconscious when it smashes into his motorcycle False
The case for privatizing federal graduate school loans: False
Trump names Dr. David Shulkin to head VA False
Proposed levy on skilled EU workers branded 'idiotic' False
.@LorettaLynn to be subject of new Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum exhibit False
Man found dead on M1 'may have been hiding in lorry' False
Ed Sheeran reveals #Division track list False
Ethics office director says proper vetting of ultrawealthy Cabinet nominees can take weeks, months False
Russia denies having compromising material on Donald Trump False
Taiwan scrambles fighter jets after China sends its aircraft carrier and escort vessels into Taiwan Strait False
First Lady @MichelleObama took to Twitter to express her love for @POTUS &amp; shared an amazing picture of her family False
The #IndianOlympicAssociation (#IOA) is set to be re-recognised by the #SportsMinistry False
NY Gov Andrew Cuomo stands by embattled Buffalo Billion program as corruption case swirls. False
'Werewolf' strikes again? Russian serial killer may be behind 37 more deaths   #FOXNewsWorld False
More than 60 lakh #bank accounts saw deposits of over Rs 2 lakhs each since the November scrapping #oldcurrency False
Fox News settled sexual harassment allegations against Bill O'Reilly False
Chicago cheers adopted son Obama as he returns for farewell speech as president False
.@JLo teases new show "World of Dance" False
Jeff Sessions confirmation hearings, Wal-Mart plans job cuts, World Cup expands and more of today's top stories False
Sessions asserts he’ll put the law before his political views False
Move over, Riley.

Stephen Curry has found a new postgame press conference star 😬 True
Here’s how I spent a weekend eating and sightseeing in New York City for less than $50 True
Here's what happens when you try to block Mark Zuckerberg on Facebook True
Frank Ocean co-signs Meryl Streep's #GoldenGlobes speech False
Two of Trump's cabinet picks are getting their confirmation hearings delayed False
#India's first self-made long-range artillery gun, #Dhanush, has landed in the Capital False
Fake KKK members greet Jeff Sessions at his confirmation hearing False
This optical illusion is confusing the internet – can you work it out? True
Donald Trump’s "first attempt to ignore the law" False
Gunfire outside Turkish police station as suicide bombers cause mass casualties in Kabul False
An Emma Watson 'Beauty and the Beast' doll is being mocked for looking 'like Justin Bieber' False
"The Good Fork Cookbook" is a reminder of what made Brooklyn hype-worthy False
25 hilarious tweets about sending nudes False
British Airways' owner carried more than 100 million passengers last year False
Driver ticketed for warming car in his own driveway False
The Iraq War veteran charged over the #FloridaAirportshooting has fronted court False
Why Yahoo is changing its name True
$86 million Hong Kong mansion is bought via a method that avoids property taxes True
Barack Obama: What he would have done differently True
'Bambi' rescued from frozen lake True
Spotted: Hillary Clinton gets standing ovation at Broadway's "The Color Purple" False
Meryl Streep has hit on star-struck Trump’s big weakness True
Meryl Streep's wisest, wittiest quotes False
The only #GoldenGlobes recap that truly matters: the drunkest celebrities!!! True
The one and only thing Donald Trump fnds **underrated** according to his tweets True
Another week down, another four picks decided.

Updated NFL draft order: False
House price growth has jumped to the highest level since March despite the weaker market post-Brexit vote False
Tracee Ellis Ross delivers inspiring acceptance speech at the #GoldenGlobes False
Indian police 'accused of gang rape during anti-crime operation' False
North Korea threatens to launch an intercontinental ballistic missile 'any time and anywhere' False
Read the full list of winners from last night's Golden Globes  via @TODAYshow False
#GoldenGlobes 2017: the red carpet, the winners, the speeches – live False
3rd Brazilian prison riot in a week leaves 4 dead False
Shocking new footage shows the moment the Fort Lauderdale airport rampage began False
These are the Tube lines which will be be affected by the strike False
These were the @USArmy's best pictures from 2016 False
Wayne Rooney has equalled the record – but what does the future hold for striker?  via @guardian_sport False
Fort Lauderdale airport shooting suspect used a gun once seized by police but later returned, law enforcement says False
Not as big as the one your Iran deal's gonna cause. True
Morecambe supporters pay manager Jim Bentley’s £1,000 FA charge  via @guardian_sport False
How @CarisLeVert, a rookie with the Brooklyn Nets, spends his Sundays False
BREAKING: Attacker plows truck into Jerusalem crowd, killing four soldiers False
How to make your partner appreciate you more True
Start your day with some #entertainment news! True
Right before they gave up, investigators figured out where to look for MH370 False
How a week of tweets by Trump stoked anxiety, moved markets and altered plans False
Carrie Fisher’s urn is a giant Prozac pill  via @YahooCelebrity True
A growing number of parents are repaying their children’s college debt False
Women are crafting cozy pink 'pussyhats' to protest Donald Trump's inauguration False
Washington-area clinic Carafem barred from advertising in Metro stations False
Sisters reunite with long-lost mother after 4 decades False
New York City's most iconic hotel is closing indefinitely — look back at its famous past False
Iceberg 6 times the size of New York City is 'hanging by a thread' in Antarctica False
Auto industry's Trump fear: 'Everyone dreads being subject of a tweet' False
What is President Obama's economic legacy? Here's a look at his jobs record compared with other presidents False
Covered in a thick blanket of snow, #Shimla is the most beautiful place on earth right now! False
Grief, anguish as loved ones recall victims of Dylann Roof at sentencing False
South African couple sell their luxury home so they can feed their six lions and ten tigers False
.@BoysNoize share unreleased remixes in 2016 recap video True
One of the biggest reasons behind the high number of #dropouts is accessibility to #schools False
That's enough, children. True
Top #news stories from the day that was True
SpaceX gets green light days before scheduled launch False
Brother of #FtLauderdale Suspect Says He Received Psychological Treatment False
WSJ analysis: Jobs report fits Fed expectations for labor market gains, rate raises False
A loss to the Rockets last night shows why Russell Westbrook might not be an MVP lock False
CES 2017: Your car wants to say hello. And that’s only the start. False
Jamie Oliver to close six restaurants in 'tough market' after Brexit vote False
Hold my beer. True
Why UK surgeon cannot forget this girl True
You can now rent Pres. Obama's Hawaiian vacation home at Kailua Bay for $3,500 a night. False
This teen brought her stepdad to tears with surprise Christmas gift True
Hands-on with Intel's Project Alloy standalone wireless VR headset False
All Nick Kyrgios could do was laugh after Jack Sock’s absurd through-the-legs winner   

🎥: False
Couple return from holiday to find their cottage missing a wall and roof after their neighbour demolished his house False
Rick Wakeman changes tune, will now attend #RockHall2017 induction with Yes False
New exercise bike will trick your kids into learning and working out False
Papa John's CEO is now a billionaire False
The Isis campaign against Iraq’s Shia Muslims is not politics. It’s genocide | Ranj Alaaldin False
Macy's to close 68 stores amid slowing sales False
Norway PM: 'I fear a very hard Brexit' False
Watch as a romantic waterfall wedding proposal goes horribly wrong True
Meet the baby who surprised everyone after she was born at a Pennsylvania car dealership True
#ICYMI: What reporter Will Ockenden's #metadata #reveals about his life True
"Alexa, start my car." You'll soon be able to start your Ford vehicle through an Amazon Echo False
Caitlyn Jenner has an impressive new MAC collection on the way False
Virginia lawmaker proposes a "bathroom bill" to restrict public bathroom use by transgender people False
Tom Brady for NFL MVP? Nope. Context makes it clear, it should be Matt Ryan. False
The 22 best "Rain Drop, Drop Top” tweets True
Tesla just took a huge step toward making its mass market car True
Muirfield members face their demons again: is it time to let the ladies in? | Marina Hyde False
Hanjin shares surge by their 30% daily limit after reports of an asset sale False
Rock Walk, Jayhawk for the win.  

🎥: False
Here’s who Donald Trump follows on Twitter — and who he has unfollowed  via @YahooFinance False
Wonder why. True
Turkey mourns the victims of the New Year’s Eve nightclub attack  via @YahooNews False
Janet Jackson gives birth to baby boy, her first child: False
Janet Jackson gives birth to baby boy at age 50 False
Thalassophobia is a real, terrifying thing and you definitely have it True
'Deadpool' was the most illegally downloaded movie in 2016 False
Donald Trump has vowed to deport millions. To do so, experts say they expect the return of home and workplace raids. False
As is their wont. True
#NotAllMen trends after reports of "mass molestation" of women in Bangalore, India False
5 ways to ditch dull, dry skin this winter  via @YahooBeauty False
This country just made ever citizen an organ donor, unless they opt out True
Bubble. True
New initiative to tighten up the tackle law may be rugby’s big-bang moment | Robert Kitson  via @guardian_sport False
European stocks climb as banks advance False
Such was his dedication that #Hussain never allowed anyone inside the flat located in #FriendsColony, #Manikonda False
Severe weather across Alabama claims at least 4 lives False
Myanmar detains police officers over Muslim Rohingya abuse video False
Suicide bomber detonates explosive-laden car killing at least 32 in Iraq False
Why minivans are the perfect vehicles to usher in the era of self-driving cars: True
Unsecured car falls off back of moving ferry into water True
Bloodbath. True
These Arizona twins were born in two different years False
"This wasn't an easy decision."

With Lane Kiffin out, Steve Sarkisian will assume all OC duties in the title game. False
26 small ways representation in Hollywood improved in 2016 False
Brazilian man kills ex-wife, their son, at least 10 others in New Year's attack, police say False
There's evidence for how much exercise affects your health — more is not always better False
Two Dakota Access oil pipeline protesters unroll huge banner at Vikings game False
"I knew it was the last game and I just wanted to give it all for my team. So I did. I wasn’t going out.” True
Moroccan woman is arrested for trying to smuggle a migrant into Spain inside a SUITCASE False
New subway line, awaited since the 1920s, opens in New York False
Trump to 'repeal a lot' of Obama's actions on day one, top aide says False
Your skinny jeans are killing the fashion industry False
At least 5 Saudis among 39 people killed in Istanbul nightclub attack False
Suicide bombers kill 9 in Iraq False
The finale to 2016: Mariah Carey botches her performance at Times Square False
The best time to buy airline tickets and other travel advice for 2017 False
There will only be one loser after Obama's attack on Israel True
Big splits, memorable moments, and tragic losses: The year in pop culture True
Forget New Year's resolutions. Zoe Saldana is trying New Year's intentions instead False
How to vacation like Taylor Swift, Madonna and more of the world's wealthiest celebs: True
On final Hawaiian vacation as president, Obama attends luau at Oahu home of childhood friend False
Theresa May’s new year message: I’ll fight remainers’ case in Europe, too False
Russia reveals a consulate CHEF is one of its 35 'spies' leaving America today False
Trump ditches press pool to play golf False
Watch the moment the first eaglet hatched in Florida False
&gt;Fight terrorism
&gt;Compassion
Pick one. True
How to set and keep your personal-finance resolutions True
Trump says Putin is "very smart" for not retaliating against U.S. sanctions False
Blind date: ‘She definitely thinks I’m a witty guy’ True
The 22 most beautiful buildings in the world, according to architects False
By walking on 2 legs, Pedals the Bear made us rethink the divide between human and animal False
New Year's nails: 17 manicure ideas to ring in 2017 False
Sia has filed for divorce from filmmaker Erik Anders Lang False
Obviously this was to help the little guy and not big businesses that can afford to hire compliance departments True
Children can be heard screaming “just stop daddy” on 911 call made from lawmaker's home False
Kennedy cousin's murder conviction reinstated False
What's their angle? Breaking down the Putin, Trump and Obama spy games False
Second Jane Austen £5 note 'worth £50,000' found in Christmas card False
The Rich Kids of Instagram's most outrageous moments of 2016 True
But what is #CleanSleeping? True
British leader Theresa May breaks with John Kerry’s condemnation of Israel False
Tony Romo reportedly expected to play some snaps on Sunday vs. Eagles False
A woman ordered canaries to brighten her home. The USPS delivered a box of "bird carnage." True
If Trump ends up punishing overseas companies, he'll take aim at not only his own brand, but Ivanka’s as well False
The 19 best horror films of 2016 False
Barbara Tarbuck, longtime "General Hospital" actress, dead at 74 False
29 photos of foster kids getting adopted that will melt your heart True
11 facts hardly anyone knows about Nike False
Pink gives birth to her second child with husband, former motocross racer Carey Hart False
Cop gives teen the option of being cited for marijuana possession or doing 200 pushups False
19 couples in 2016 who perfectly nailed this whole relationship thing True
Inside the secretive $4.5B startup that is changing the world of computing forever: True
Debbie Reynolds, the long-time Hollywood actress, has died at 84, one day after her daughter, Carrie Fisher False
Three teens rescued off the coast of the Florida Keys after their boat capsized. False
Watch @Juanes perform "Hotel California" at annual #KCHonors False
.@realDonaldTrump urges #Israel to 'stay strong' until he takes office; weighs in on @UN Israeli settlement vote False
E.g., bitter clingers True
This poster of people the world has lost in 2016 is just heartbreaking True
A look back at the year in deaths of newsmakers in business, finance and public affairs False
The lobby of Trump Tower was evacuated over what turned out to be a bag of children's toys: False
'Nerdsploitation' is not a thing. There's never been a better time to be a nerd | Leena van Deventer False
Wild Phoenix freeway carjacking suspect shot and taken into custody, police say False
VIRAL PHOTO: Can you spot the missing legs? True
High street shops including are secretly tracking the movements of their customers using their smartphones True
Dutch IVF centre probes suspected sperm mix-up True
The awesome life and career of 'Star Wars' icon Carrie Fisher False
2016’s box office winners and losers True
South Korea's obsession with top marks is costing its youth, writes Susan Cheong #analysis False
5 gutsy highlights from Carrie Fisher's one-woman show True
Donald Trump’s cabinet picks disagree with the president-elect on some key issues True
Europe's expanding CLO market to build on a record year in 2017 False
Police eye social media in spate of post-Christmas mall disturbances: False
Israel threatens to give Trump 'evidence' that Obama orchestrated UN resolution False
#ICYMI: Think again before you post those pics of your kids on social media True
Russian plane black box 'recovered' False
'Chewbacca Mom' True
OurMine just combined hacking and debunking to dispel a fake Britney Spears death tweet True
19 times J.K. Rowling’s Twitter was a gift to 2016 True
10 books that will make you a better person in 2017 True
Bomb threat sparks mass evacuation of 3 Moscow railway stations False
President-elect Donald Trump said Saturday he will dissolve the Trump Foundation False
Hear @ChancetheRapper and @Jeremih's surprise mixtape, "Merry Christmas Lil Mama" 🎄 False
"Don't light candles 2night, BHO!" True
The best charities to donate to this year True
What does LOL look like in space? In 2017, we’ll find out  via @CNNStyle True
Elderly couple burn house down after Christmas tree bursts into ball of flames False
These guys sang Mariah Carey's Christmas smash for a great reason True
These Christmas light displays pack a price tag of up to $20,000 False
Some of the biggest social moments of 2016 happened on Twitter, but who tweeted it? QUIZ: True
Bionic legs and smart slacks: exoskeletons that could enhance us all True
Slaven Bilic sees cause for optimism but West Ham are still struggling to click  via @guardian_sport False
#BREAKING: Tsunami warning after magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes in southern Chile False
The #bible is now available for #download in Bhojpuri False
Crispr will change the world. But who gets the credit? Inside the epic patent war False
New drone owners urged to read the rules before first flight False
How compassionate! True
GOP to expand school choice and target unions in states: False
This theory explains Santa perfectly using “Harry Potter” True
Mom spends $2,000 on nearly 300 presents for her kids  via @YahooStyle False
The Ethicist: What should you do when customers make racist remarks? False
Why only Americans are interested in the hunt for alien life  via @NBCNewsMACH True
The best films of 2016  by @JoeMorgenstern False
Santas have a secret online world True
NFL POWER RANKINGS: Where all 32 teams stand heading into Week 16 True
When listening to music through headphones, how loud is too loud for kids? True
Google will launch two flagship smartwatches early next year False
Was 2016 good or bad? May and Johnson differ in Christmas messages True
Some of the biggest social moments of 2016 happened on Twitter, but who tweeted it? QUIZ: True
"To have a SpongeBob stare into your soul every day is pretty amazing." False
Incredible images show lost Amazonian tribe living like their ancestors did 20,000 years ago False
Celebrity weddings of 2016 True
Trump’s national security pick had role in firm co-led by man who tried to sell material to KGB False
Cheers! This is the secret to finding the perfect champagne this Christmas True
Argentina investigates alleged sex abuse at school for deaf: False
Prodigy's prison cookbook has been banned from California jails. False
’Tis the biggest season ever to set up a charitable giving account False
The NBA's tallest man dreamed of going to Disney, but now can't ride many rides.

"This world is too small for me." False
Breaking: US abstains in key Israel vote, clearing way for condemnation of settlements False
.@trentemoeller and @Savagesband' Jehnny Beth share intimate studio session video (watch) False
Vladimir Putin held his annual marathon press conference today False
If you've bought one of these chocolate Santas, send it back immediately True
American Airlines flight attendants say their new uniforms are making them sick False
This is what #SunilGrover's open letter to #PMModi read
@WhoSunilGrover True
54 facts that will change the way you watch Disney movies True
Libyan passenger plane hijacked and diverted to Malta False
One of our most popular recipes of 2016: Your new favorite chocolate chip cookie False
Total stranger pays for woman's Christmas presents after her card was declined False
The cardboard box that one engineer says will help you sleep on planes False
How to make sure your charitable giving does the most good: True
We tracked down the highest-paid athlete in every state: True
The science behind why you should stop stalking your ex on Facebook this Christmas True
#ICYMI: Man arrested over Claremont serial killings, ABC understands False
Saddam Hussein's daughter praises Donald Trump's 'political sensibility': False
Passenger removed from JetBlue flight in Ivanka Trump incident False
Donald Trump meets with one-time adversary David Koch at Mar-a-Lago: False
Will Obama's ban on oil and gas drilling in the Arctic hold up in Trump's administration? False
The 25 best movies of 2016: 

Let us know your top three. False
Trump is urging Obama to veto a UN resolution on halting Israeli settlements False
Holiday travelers gripe as delays pile up at Los Angeles International Airport: False
Netflix US Twitter account hacked by OurMine False
Supervolcano under Naples could be about to blow False
Hanging out with Miss Universe and some oligarchs - we remember Trump's last visit to Moscow False
Donald Trump's fight with hotel workers in Las Vegas comes to an end False
'Why not us? Why those people?': Dealing with trauma after Berlin market attack False
Europe could be the best destination for capital in 2017 False
Train drivers in Southern rail dispute  accused of "faking" technology malfunctions to boost case for strike action False
To make the most of Trump tax cuts, pay your legal bills in 2016: False
A couple was sent hundreds of letters meant for Santa, so they decided to answer them True
Rex Tillerson told students at the University of Texas that he has “a very close relationship” with Vladimir Putin False
Man sues @McDonalds, claims 2-cheeseburger value meal is a ripoff False
This $100 billion Chinese-made city near Singapore "scares the hell out of everybody" False
Watch the first surgery recorded with Snapchat Spectacles False
Pentatonix's "Christmas" album is heading for No. 1 on the Billboard 200 chart False
Margot Robbie confirms marriage to Tom Ackerley... with the flip of a finger  via @YahooCelebrity False
Rescue teams had to wait for all the fireworks to finish exploding before moving in False
16 stories that prove 2016 wasn’t the absolute worst True
Another hoax bites the dust. True
2 Flint ex-officials charged over tainted water False
Pantsuit Nation began as a secret Facebook group that quickly exploded. It's now becoming a book. False
The Syrian army is poised to enter Aleppo's last rebel enclave False
The Turkish policeman who murdered the Russian ambassador to Ankara used his police ID to bypass metal detectors False
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova has been injured by a knife-wielding attacker at her home False
A record number of electoral college voters defect as Donald Trump was officially confirmed as the 45th president False
WSJ: Apple is in talks with India to manufacture locally False
Berlin Breitscheidplatz: 'Migrant' detained over lorry attack False
Um. True
All class. True
Breaking News: A truck drove into a Christmas market in Berlin, killing 9 people and injuring several others False
JUST IN: 9 dead, several injured after truck drives into Christmas market in public square in Berlin, police say. False
Two public universities have begun offering classes examining "The Problem of Whiteness." @OutnumberedFNC False
NATO and Russia talked for 3 hours, but they're still as divided as ever on Ukraine False
Millennials are now being blamed for declining fabric softener sales False
NYSE Arca platform for trading ETFs suffers technical glitch and was shut for 15 minutes False
Drama-filled Electoral College vote a fitting ending to 2016 election season  #Decision2016 False
Paul Krugman: How republics end  via @nytopinion True
Donald Trump selects trading firm founder Vincent Viola as Army secretary False
33 people die in #Siberia after drinking bath oil, hoping it would give them the same sensation as alcohol False
Aleppo Twitter sensation @AlabedBana evacuated from Syrian city False
Bird flu infects homeless cats in New York animal shelter False
How to end America's growing opioid epidemic  via @DrFriedenCDC @fxnopinion True
24 memes that are too good for this world True
The glamorous and tumultuous love life of Zsa Zsa Gabor in photos False
The old "I can do more than deliver lines other people write for me!" canard: False
Could a dual SIM option spark Apple's growth in China? False
How the bluest state became the reddest True
The ten reasons you feel bloated…and how to cure it False
The exact same strategy that made them flip the fr*dge out after Obama's first midterm shellacking 😂😂😂 True
Will the NFL bust the Giants for walkie-talkie use? Tony Dungy thinks it should. False
A large tree fell on a wedding party in California, Saturday afternoon, killing 1 person and injuring at least 5 False
Don't set your fantasy lineup for this week's playoff matchup before checking this week's inactives: False
11 clever, untraditional ways people have wrapped gifts this holiday season ⏩ by @lee_moran False
Family pays tribute to murdered Derbyshire woman False
A thank you note to the buildings that appealed to NYC's better self True
Defying referendum, Bolivia's Morales agrees to run again False
100 hilarious tweets that basically sum up having kids True
A look at celebrities and their Christmas trees True
Sneakerheads are finding $2,000 Air Jordans at Marshalls for $60. False
Henry Heimlich, doctor who created the life-saving Heimlich maneuver, dies at age 96. False
7 high-paying jobs for people who hate people True
Ryan Reynolds is getting a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame False
Oscar will get to count Chinese cash but he will pay a heavy price | Daniel Taylor  via @guardian_sport False
Quintessentially Canadian video shows peckish moose licking salt off car False
The best way to get rid of germs when washing your hands True
Champions League: fans from around Europe reflect on the last-16 draw False
The best baubles for your Christmas tree True
Barely half of U.S. 30-year-olds outearn their parents at that age, an huge decline from the early 1970s False
NASA and "Hidden Figures" team honor John Glenn and brilliant female space pioneers: False
"They want to prove they’re 'real men'": Princeton suspends swimmers for "misogynistic" messages False
Scientists discover six new species of marine animals hiding beneath the Indian Ocean False
Empirical evidence shows that automation ultimately leads to more jobs False
Facebook's "fake news" labels are already coming under fire, led by right-wing websites False
Listen to @Zedd's must-hear remix of DJ Snake &amp; Justin Bieber's "Let Me Love You" False
How Trump is enlisting the rich to help the downtrodden  via @YahooFinance False
Cartoon of the day: False
John Glenn lies in flag-draped casket inside Ohio's Statehouse rotunda for public goodbye. False
POTUS in response to @MarthaRaddatz' question on Russian hacking: This happened at "highest levels" of Russian gov't False
.@POTUS: 'The Assad Regime Cannot Slaughter Its Way to Legitimacy' False
How Many Christmas Films Have You Seen? False
Warren Buffett and the naked truth about Dow Chemical False
‘I think I’d better leave now’ Theresa May said to EU leaders when they refused to discuss Brexit False
As the NFL season winds down, coaches on the hot seat will soon learn their fate False
Have fun in your 50s: it’s the key to living longer, science says False
The Trump Cabinet: Bonfire of the agencies  via @PostOpinions False
Pretty glad we don't measure up to these "values." #DumpKelloggs True
Would you wash your hands with leftovers from old cocktails? True
HOW DEEP DOES THIS GO 🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺 True
Dylann Roof found guilty of Charleston church massacre: False
Man and protester he sucker-punched at Trump rally shake hands in court False
Coal seam gas mining costs farmers millions, CSIRO study finds False
Apple has been ordered to pay $2 million for denying some of its retail workers adequate meal breaks False
Some very good news for Donald Trump: A strong majority still say Russia didn’t matter False
Indonesia’s central bank holds rates for 2nd month False
WATCH: Comcast truck blocks traffic, sending cars careening off icy Indiana road False
36 Hours: 36 Hours in Nairobi, Kenya False
The history of the national Christmas tree False
Man surrenders to face charges in J.P. Morgan cyberattack True
"[The Celtics] made my eyes water on draft night."

Remembering that time Boston took Joe Forte over Tony Parker... False
A law passed by Japan’s parliament orders Abe’s government to prepare for the nation’s first casino resorts False
Footprints suggest possibility of a surprisingly tall human ancestor False
Tom Ridge: "In order to make America great, you've got to keep it safe" False
After a young father was killed near a Bronx corner where he sold drugs, rumors focused
on a spurned lover False
Generation X, Y and Baby Boomers: Why every generation feels entitled #opinion True
Kodak Black is calling out D.R.A.M. and Lil Yachty for biting his swag: False
Ashley Madison owner agrees to pay $1.6 million to settle U.S. investigations False
Airfare ticket prices will fall for both economy and business travelers in 2017: False
When Michael Jordan was filming "Space Jam," he hosted some of the most intense pickup games the NBA has ever known. False
Chile minister says sorry after receiving sex doll gift False
The UK's own Harry Reid: True
Niall Horan delivers debut solo performance on #FallonTonight False
The prime accused and mastermind #RiyazBhatkal is believed to be holed up in #Karachi.
#ThisIsIT False
Amid the scenes of horror in Aleppo, there is something you can do: False
Alan Thicke, America's iconic TV dad, is dead at age 69, his publicist confirms False
73-year-old dementia-stricken California man fatally shot by police was carrying crucifix, not gun False
Is Marijuana Chewing Gum The Next Big Thing?     via @FoxBusiness False
Alan Thicke dies at 69 False
Daddy Yankee, Shakira, Nicky Jam &amp; more Latin artists who got fans dancing in 2016 False
EPA report on hydraulic fracturing, or "fracking," raises more questions than answers: False
Sight of plane circling Manhattan causes stir on social media: False
John Glenn's Ohio birthplace considered for historic status False
It might be time to start worrying about the bank rally True
Saudi Arabia plans to create top global companies to bolster its economy, sources say False
Who is Rex Tillerson, the ExxonMobil chairman who may become secretary of state? False
All of Trump's cabinet picks so far as his administration takes shape False
#TelegraphLetters: Nicky Morgan needs a reality check #premium False
Bakersfield, California, police fatally shoot unarmed grandfather, 73, with dementia False
The 10 trickiest Goldman Sachs interview questions True
Jeremy Corbyn's most powerful union supporter has just been challenged for his job False
Soccer Player’s Harrowing Tale of Sexual Abuse Rocks Sport in Britain False
Chef roasts diner who left note calling Christmas music 'offensive' True
"I don't think [that has] any place in the National Football League, especially on our team." 

—Hue Jackson False
25-year-old mom dies after hammer attack that also left her two children critically injured: False
A guy hilariously roasted his mom for lying on Facebook and people are screaming True
Is this the saddest salad that has ever happened? True
School doubles down on Charlie Brown Christmas ban False
Republicans on Capitol Hill are grappling with how to repeal Obamacare. False
Meet 5 women who are writing their own stories: True
'Dozens dead in gas attack' as Isil and Syrian regime battle over Palmyra False
UPS driver saves woman who wrote "contact 911" on box after being attacked, held captive. False
GOP’s hunt for new Trump donors drove millions to low-profile firm True
The Giants crashed the Cowboys' division clinching party Sunday night.

An updated NFL playoff picture: False
Former Major League pitcher hangs up his jersey to become a police officer. False
He helped make legal history in Loving v. Virginia. At 80, he’s still fighting for justice. False
Such dog. Much no :/
#ThisIsIT True
We want children, but my husband struggles to climax through intercourse True
Security guards increasingly being treated poorly by employers, @UnitedVoiceOz says False
The Giants crashed the Cowboys' division clinching party Sunday night.

An updated NFL playoff picture: False
Kim John Un cackles as he oversees mock military attack on False
Donald Trump defends his recent phone call with Taiwan's president False
#ICYMI: 'Watershed for travel': London soon to be just 17 hours away False
Democrats are not very excited about the future of their party False
How the music industry is trying to get older listeners to pay for streaming False
CORRECTION: After feedback from several Twitter folks, we now know there are NOT frequent food shortages in Ghana. False
What is the Million-Year Ice Core — and why should we care?  #science #climatechange False
Bus driver decked out his bus in Christmas decorations. Take a look: True
Boeing finalizes $16.6B deal with Iran Air, but Republicans may still try to sink it False
Catch up on all the news you missed today True
Buckingham Palace bans outside smoking at royal residences amid concerns about smoke drifting into nearby buildings False
Nigeria church collapses, killing at least 60 people False
Volvo S90: car review | Martin Love False
Nice backstabbers finish last. True
Actor Kirk Douglas celebrates 100th birthday with Hollywood stars False
New on @Medium:  Why 'living within our means' is a great con True
Read Bob Dylan's Nobel Prize acceptance speech in full False
With civil war and a tsunami behind it, Sri Lanka’s east coast is opening up to tourism False
.@JustinBieber's biggest moments of 2016 True
This plumber created a giant moving Star Wars AT-ACT in his garden for a friend's son False
Britain's Antarctic research centre under threat by growing ice chasm False
This woman's story is a lesson in why you should always, always listen to your girlfriend True
.@ufc's Connor McGregor will feature in @GameOfThrones False
Everything you need to know about #AgustaWestland controversy False
Tom Wolfe on how astronaut John Glenn brought his religiosity to the U.S. space program False
Trump's victory provides an extraordinary end to @MVincentOZ's North America posting False
The Broncos' security staff is investigating a letter filled with racial slurs received by LB Brandon Marshall. False
Jennifer Lawrence apologies for Hawaii 'butt-scratching' story False
The 50 funniest tweets from women in 2016 True
"Wow": Ex-CIA boss amazed Trump doesn't believe Russia hacked US election False
Do You Celebrate Christmas Like Everyone Else? True
Why are we so passionate about the smiling poop emoji? True
21st Century Fox media corporation has reached a preliminary merger deal with British satellite television giant Sky False
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton's final campaign spending revealed True
A #policeman on duty repeatedly slapped a retired #soldier in a #bank queue!
#ThisIsIt #Shameful True
HP Inc.Voice: Three ways to reinvent for the fourth industrial revolution @snigro123 @HP False
Immigration hawks buoyed by Trump picks for DHS secretary, attorney general  via @AdamShawNY False
How Mike Pence is poised to be a uniquely powerful VP False
Just weeks after helping the Cubs break the curse, OF Dexter Fowler is set to join the rival Cards: False
.@Kehlani announces #SweetSexySavage world tour False
How Gigi Hadid deals with the internet's body-shaming trolls: True
Colombia outrage over killing of young girl False
People are losing their minds over this Chloë Grace Moretz doppelgänger True
Is this a fucking Christmas movie or not? True
Breaking: John Glenn, the first American astronaut to orbit the Earth, dies at 95 False
Knife-Wielding High School Student Shot by Campus Police Officer False
A boy with autism needed a replacement for his beloved sippy cup -- instead he got 1,000 True
Singapore is beating Hong Kong in the race to build a fintech hub False
Trump lashes out on Twitter at Carrier union leader who criticized him False
Chris Sale is a great addition for the Red Sox. There’s just one problem. True
Two juveniles charged with arson in Tennessee wildfires that left 14 dead False
As another chapter of Warriors-Clippers rolls on ESPN, read about how close KD came to wearing that other jersey: False
Too many women are leaving hospital after child birth with PTSD because of bad care False
Tree surgeons scrambled with Blenheim Palace cedar made famous by Harry Potter in danger of collapse False
Trump picks Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad as U.S. ambassador to China False
Can We Guess How Many People You Bonked In 2016? True
Amy Schumer responds to critics who say she shouldn't play Barbie in upcoming movie False
Amazing aerial photos show WWII wrecks in watery graves off remote Pacific Ocean islands False
Cricket fans treated to spectacular Canberra sunset False
Could authorities have prevented the tragic Oakland warehouse fire? False
Miami-Dade police station shuts down after woman turns in grenades  via @NBC6 False
Indigenous Kalgoorlie residents plan legal action after landmark #PalmIsland decision False
Peter Vaughan, venerated character actor of British stage, TV and film, dies at 93 False
“We have faith that the Vatican will help us achieve the freedom of the political prisoners.” False
Pence says Michael Flynn Jr. has "no involvement in the transition." The evidence suggests otherwise. False
Iran vows not to let Trump destroy nuclear deal False
Death of the pregnant dancer at #Bhatinda is not a standalone event. Here's why celebratory #firing needs to stop False
Watch as cats battle their age-old enemies: Christmas trees False
James Corden asks Madonna to "kiss &amp; tell" in the "Carpool Karaoke" preview False
"Bohemian Rhapsody" as a live-action film is a frightening crime drama False
Why just one glass of wine a day could KILL you True
Extreme rainfall risks could triple in the U.S. under climate change, scientists warn False
NYC seeks $35M for Trump-related costs False
Massive Texas sink hole swallows two cars, killing deputy False
Jimmy Kimmel will reportedly host this year's Oscars False
Wingsuit test pilot: Plenty of thrills, no prospects for life insurance False
How Pusha T and Adidas made a sneaker as honest as his music: False
Ridiculously talented mom raps to Da Brat's 'Funkdafied'. False
This absurd Forever 21 choker has people over the choker trend True
Hebrew may be world's oldest alphabet   via @fxnscitech False
Oh h*ck yes my sibling False
Google alters search autocomplete to remove 'are Jews evil' suggestion False
Bolivia files a criminal complaint in fatal #LMI2933 crash False
14 ways to become a charismatic leader True
Matteo Renzi may not be the only person to have his plans thrown up in the air this week False
Donald Trump accuses Beijing of currency manipulation in a series of strongly-worded tweets False
Steph Curry and Panthers fans are mad Cam Newton was benched to start game versus Seahawks. False
Trump rants against China in Twitter outburst False
The Indian women loitering with intent True
Editorial board: The pros and cons of a general's general like Mattis  via @PostOpinions False
Kodak Black is still making jail food as a free man. False
Arrest made in decapitation of Massachusetts teen   via @NECN False
A victory for pipeline protesters at Standing Rock False
Donald Trump lashes out at media in series of nonsensical tweets False
Tiger Woods cards a 76 in his final round, finishes 15th at the #HeroWorldChallenge False
The NFL is in a lose-lose situation with player protests: True
This one-of-a-kind pair of diamond-encrusted sneakers retails for $132,000 True
These flight attendants say their uniforms are making them sick True
The Princess Diarist by Carrie Fisher – digested read False
.@TheWeeknd tops @Drake for the most monthly streams on Spotify False
Looking to revamp your career? These are the highest selling career books: True
20 holiday makeup looks  via @YahooBeauty True
Carnival Princess to pay record $40 million for pollution cover-up False
#FullHouse house sells to surprising buyer True
"We are orphans here": Life and death in East Jerusalem’s Palestinian refugee camp False
Iron Man and Captain Marvel take on Mega Man and Ryu. False
'Trumpgrets' is the Tumblr page for Trump supporters who just can't take him anymore False
The best cookbooks and kitchen tools 2016 | Cook shelf of fame True
Madonna kisses Ariana Grande, covers Britney Spears at Art Basel Miami Beach 2016 False
8 times the #Westworld TV show referenced the 1973 movie False
Why investors should consider investing in water: True
Trump can text you anytime he wants once he's in office True
Share your photos of cats for a chance to win Jane Bown's book True
These are the most valuable NHL franchises: True
Jenni Murray: 'I want to see how women run the world' False
Six million Americans have stopped paying their car loans False
.@MelbourneCity limps to 1-1 A-League draw with @brisbaneroar False
The Grand Tour: Jeremy Clarkson is really taunting the BBC now False
Martin Shkreli price-hike drug Daraprim reproduced by high-schoolers False
24-hour work shifts can wreak havoc on the heart True
US general accuses Russia, Iran of boosting Taliban in Afghanistan False
Stumped on holiday gift ideas? Let our #30Under30 alumni help: True
Why a recent report claiming declining global temperatures is based on incomplete data and incorrect conclusions False
Trump mocked for the way he wears his tie  via @YahooStyle False
How AI could stop those awkward moments when your credit card is mistakenly declined True
Suspect in the shooting of Joe McKnight was released from custody and has not been formally charged in his death: False
'They're sold like shoes': #Cambodia's building boom built on slave labour, report says True
Formula One's most valuable teams:

1. Ferrari $1.325B
2. Mercedes $685M
3. McLaren $544M False
How @realaminablue went from video vixen to @KanyeWest's favorite model: False
Fund NHS entirely with National Insurance, Labour MP Frank Field suggests False
.@aamir_khan's fitness journey for #Dangal - Real or Fake? False
Quick-thinking pedestrians extinguish a lorry fire by throwing SNOWBALLS at it in Russia False
Rate ripoff: Some families are paying over $1,000 a month on prison phone calls True
2,000-year-old preserved body of the Lady of Dai still has her own hair and soft skin False
CenturyLinkVoice: New product launch: Testing the waters with social media True
Obama says the U.S. is divided because 'people are no longer talking to each other' False
#ICYMI: major #news stories from the day that was False
CargillVoice: How to help kids get healthy and active: Start with schools False
Current and former NFL players shared their feelings after the death of Joe McKnight: False
#TheApprentice: the double firing was unfair, plus Karren Brady steals Lord Sugar’s limelight yet again False
Former Jets, USC RB Joe McKnight fatally shot at age 28 False
Country music star Luke Bryan hits back at 'insulting' heckler during gig False
We'll always have Newsweek. True
What to do if your Android's been hit by the Gooligan malware False
Draymond Green can lock anyone up False
18 uplifting documentaries guaranteed to put a smile on your face True
The MLB All-Star game will no longer determine home-field advantage for the World Series: False
Just one glass of white a day can raise risk of developing skin cancer by 13% False
12 things you realize at the end of a relationship True
Brazil soccer team and pilot's final interview before plane crash killing 71 people False
😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱 True
Frenchs Forest high school may have to make way for high-rise buildings as part of northern beaches town centre plan False
Oh Jeff… #bruh False
Richard Sherman weighs in on Cam Newton’s struggles this season #karma False
